1 | For over two decades, Counter-Strike has offered an elite competitive experience, one shaped by millions of players from across the globe. And now the next chapter in the CS story is about to begin. This is Counter-Strike 2.
2 | From small-time dope pusher to kingpin - manufacture and distribute a range of drugs throughout the grungy city of Hyland Point. Expand your empire with properties, businesses, employees and more.
3 | Lead the members of Expedition 33 on their quest to destroy the Paintress so that she can never paint death again. Explore a world of wonders inspired by Belle Époque France and battle unique enemies in this turn-based RPG with real-time mechanics.
4 | Explore Cyrodiil like never before with stunning new visuals and refined gameplay in The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion™ Remastered.
5 | An online co-op horror game with up to 6 players. Locate valuable, fully physics-based objects and handle them with care as you retrieve and extract to satisfy your creator's desires.
6 | Destiny 2 is an action MMO with a single evolving world that you and your friends can join anytime, anywhere, absolutely free.
7 | Explore a galaxy full of wonders in this sci-fi grand strategy game from Paradox Development Studios. Interact with diverse alien races, discover strange new worlds with unexpected events and expand the reach of your empire. Each new adventure holds almost limitless possibilities.
8 | War Thunder is the most comprehensive free-to-play, cross-platform, MMO military game dedicated to aviation, armoured vehicles, and naval craft, from the early 20th century to the most advanced modern combat units. Join now and take part in major battles on land, in the air, and at sea.
9 | Marvel Rivals is a Super Hero Team-Based PVP Shooter! Assemble an all-star Marvel squad, devise countless strategies by combining powers to form unique Team-Up skills and fight in destructible, ever-changing battlefields across the continually evolving Marvel universe!
10 | EA SPORTS FC™ 25 gives you more ways to win for the club. Team up with friends in your favourite modes with the new 5v5 Rush, and manage your club to victory as FC IQ delivers more tactical control than ever before.
11 | Apex Legends is the award-winning, free-to-play Hero Shooter from Respawn Entertainment. Master an ever-growing roster of legendary characters with powerful abilities, and experience strategic squad play and innovative gameplay in the next evolution of Hero Shooter and Battle Royale.
12 | The only aim in Rust is to survive. Everything wants you to die - the island’s wildlife, other inhabitants, the environment, and other survivors. Do whatever it takes to last another night.
13 | Love, fight, scheme, and claim greatness. Determine your noble house’s legacy in the sprawling grand strategy of Crusader Kings III. Death is only the beginning as you guide your dynasty’s bloodline in the rich and larger-than-life simulation of the Middle Ages.
14 | Trapped forever in a realm of eldritch evil where even death is not an escape, four determined Survivors face a bloodthirsty Killer in a vicious game of nerve and wits. Pick a side and step into a world of tension and terror with horror gaming's best asymmetrical multiplayer.
15 | Baldur’s Gate 3 is a story-rich, party-based RPG set in the universe of Dungeons & Dragons, where your choices shape a tale of fellowship and betrayal, survival and sacrifice, and the lure of absolute power.
16 | Awaken as an unstoppable warrior and battle alongside your friends in this story-driven free-to-play online action game
17 | Play with life and discover the possibilities. Unleash your imagination and create a world of Sims that’s wholly unique. Explore and customize every detail from Sims to homes–and much more.
18 | Every legend starts somewhere and in The Elder Scrolls Online, it starts with you. Join millions of players in an online, fantasy RPG set in a vast living Elder Scrolls world.
19 | Explore the vibrant open world landscapes of Mexico with limitless, fun driving action in the world’s greatest cars.
20 | Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six® Siege is an elite, tactical team-based shooter where superior planning and execution triumph.
21 | Awaken as a Vampire. Hunt for blood in nearby settlements to regain your strength and evade the scorching sun to survive. Raise your castle and thrive in an ever-changing, open world full of mystery. Gain allies online and conquer the land of the living.
22 | Rev up your engines and venture into the unknown with Drive Beyond Horizons! Conquer dynamic landscapes, customize your ride, and unearth hidden treasures. Get ready for heart-pounding challenges and endless excitement. Your adventure starts now !
23 | Embrace mind-blowing moments as you’re pulled deep into the many worlds of Split Fiction, a boundary-pushing co-op adventure.
24 | Once Human is a multiplayer open-world survival game set in a strange, post-apocalyptic future. Unite with friends to fight monstrous enemies, uncover secret plots, compete for resources, and build your own territory. Once, you were merely human. Now, you have the power to remake the world.
25 | The Rails are Yours in Train Sim World 5! Take on new challenges and new roles as you master the tracks and trains of iconic cities across 3 new routes. Immerse yourself in the ultimate rail hobby and embark on your next journey.
26 | Welcome to Mt. Holly, where every dawn unveils a new mystery. Navigate through shifting corridors and ever-changing chambers in this genre-defying strategy puzzle adventure. But will your unpredictable path lead you to the rumored Room 46?
27 | On RuneScape’s forgotten continent of Ashenfall, dragons have awoken. Gather, build, skill and craft to survive in this co-operative (1-4) survival crafting game. Only by mastering survival and uncovering ancient secrets can they hope to slay the Dragon Queen—alone or with allies.
28 | Welcome to THRONE AND LIBERTY, a free-to-play, multi-platform MMORPG. With an always changing environment, Massive Scale PvPvE, and the ability to transform into creatures to battle across land, sea, and air.
29 | Experience the winner of over 300 Game of the Year awards, now on PC. Discover Ellie and Abby’s story with graphical enhancements, gameplay modes like the roguelike survival experience No Return, and more.
30 | Command every court with authenticity and realism Powered by ProPLAY™, giving you ultimate control over how you play in NBA 2K25. Define your legacy in MyCAREER, MyTEAM, MyNBA, and The W.
31 | Victory is at your fingertips! Your ability to lead your nation is your supreme weapon, the strategy game Hearts of Iron IV lets you take command of any nation in World War II; the most engaging conflict in world history.
32 | The Galaxy’s Last Line of Offence. Enlist in the Helldivers and join the fight for freedom across a hostile galaxy in a fast, frantic, and ferocious third-person shooter.
"33 | ""Every life becomes a story"" Create your unique story by controlling and observing the lives of 'Zois'. Customize characters and build houses using inZOI's easy-to-use tools to live the life of your dreams and experience the different emotions of life created by its deep and detailed simulation."
34 | The story of Cal Kestis continues in STAR WARS Jedi: Survivor™, a galaxy-spanning, third-person, action-adventure game.
35 | THE CRITICALLY ACCLAIMED FANTASY ACTION RPG. Rise, Tarnished, and be guided by grace to brandish the power of the Elden Ring and become an Elden Lord in the Lands Between.
36 | Command distinct factions in a desperate struggle for power and resources in Tempest Rising - a classic RTS set on Earth after a nuclear war.
37 | Experience authentic Cold War combat and join the struggle for the sprawling, mid-Atlantic island of Everon and its smaller, offshore territory, Arland – or take on the role of Game Master and create your very own scenarios for others to enjoy.
38 | 42 Civilizations, 229 Campaign Missions, Singleplayer, Co-Op, Multiplayer, In-Game Editor, Mods, Cross-play...It is good to be the king.
39 | Cyberpunk 2077 is an open-world, action-adventure RPG set in the dark future of Night City — a dangerous megalopolis obsessed with power, glamor, and ceaseless body modification.
40 | A thrilling story-driven action RPG, with a rich open world, set in 15th century Medieval Europe. Experience the ultimate medieval adventure - through the eyes of young Henry - as you embark on a journey of epic proportions.
41 | Dark Souls continues to push the boundaries with the latest, ambitious chapter in the critically-acclaimed and genre-defining series. Prepare yourself and Embrace The Darkness!
42 | Nine distinct classes provide a broad range of tactical abilities and personalities. Constantly updated with new game modes, maps, equipment and, most importantly, hats!
43 | Join over 30 million adventurers worldwide and take part in an epic and ever-changing FINAL FANTASY. Experience an unforgettable story, exhilarating battles, and a myriad of captivating environments to explore.
44 | Nine Sols is a lore rich, hand-drawn 2D action-platformer featuring Sekiro-inspired deflection focused combat. Embark on a journey of eastern fantasy, explore the land once home to an ancient alien race, and follow a vengeful hero’s quest to slay the 9 Sols, formidable rulers of this forsaken realm.
45 | Path of Exile 2 is a next generation Action RPG from Grinding Gear Games, featuring co-op for up to six players. Set years after the original Path of Exile, you will return to the dark world of Wraeclast and seek to end the corruption that is spreading.
46 | Deadzone: Rogue is a fast-paced roguelite FPS set in deep space. Blast through hordes of enemies with devastating weapons. Define your combat style with powerful augments and upgrades. Grow stronger with each death, solo or in co-op. Fight. Die. Revive. Repeat.
47 | Experience an epic action-adventure story set in feudal Japan! Become a lethal shinobi assassin and powerful legendary samurai as you explore a beautiful open world in a time of chaos.
48 | Travel across Europe as king of the road, a trucker who delivers important cargo across impressive distances! With dozens of cities to explore, your endurance, skill and speed will all be pushed to their limits.
49 | Sea of Thieves is a smash-hit pirate adventure game, offering the quintessential pirate experience of plundering lost treasures, intense battles, vanquishing sea monsters and more. Dive in with this revised edition of the game, which includes access to digital bonus media.
50 | Release the Pressure with PowerWash Simulator! Wash away your worries with the soothing sounds of high-pressure water. Fire up your power washer and blast away every speck of dirt and grime you can find, all with the simple satisfaction of power-washing to a sparkling finish.
51 | Experience the story of former outlaw John Marston as he tracks down the last remaining members of the notorious Van der Linde Gang in the PC debut of the critically acclaimed predecessor to Red Dead Redemption 2.
52 | Winner of more than 200 Game of the Year Awards, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition brings the epic fantasy to life in stunning detail. The Special Edition includes the critically acclaimed game and add-ons with all-new features.
53 | The unbridled force of nature runs wild and relentless, with environments transforming drastically from one moment to the next. This is a story of monsters and humans and their struggles to live in harmony in a world of duality.
54 | Played by over 20 million Adventurers - Black Desert Online is an open-world, action MMORPG. Experience intense, action-packed combat, battle massive world bosses, fight alongside friends to siege and conquer castles, and train in professions such as fishing, trading, crafting, cooking, and more!
55 | A sci-fi colony sim driven by an intelligent AI storyteller. Generates stories by simulating psychology, ecology, gunplay, melee combat, climate, biomes, diplomacy, interpersonal relationships, art, medicine, trade, and more.
56 | Winner of over 175 Game of the Year Awards and recipient of over 250 perfect scores, RDR2 is the epic tale of outlaw Arthur Morgan and the infamous Van der Linde gang, on the run across America at the dawn of the modern age. Also includes access to the shared living world of Red Dead Online.
57 | Explore a world filled with the magic of Disney as you discover rich stories and build the perfect neighborhood alongside Disney and Pixar heroes and villains in this new life-sim adventure game. Welcome to Disney Dreamlight Valley.
58 | Factorio is a game about building and creating automated factories to produce items of increasing complexity, within an infinite 2D world. Use your imagination to design your factory, combine simple elements into ingenious structures, and finally protect it from the creatures who don't really like you.
59 | Uncover the Past, Reforge the Future. Ascend into one of 15 mastery classes and explore dangerous dungeons, hunt epic loot, craft legendary weapons, and wield the power of over a hundred transformative skill trees. Last Epoch is being developed by a team of passionate Action RPG enthusiasts.
60 | Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6 is signature Black Ops across a cinematic single-player Campaign, a best-in-class Multiplayer experience and with the epic return of Round-Based Zombies.
61 | Phasmophobia is a 4 player online co-op psychological horror. Paranormal activity is on the rise and it’s up to you and your team to use all the ghost-hunting equipment at your disposal in order to gather as much evidence as you can.
62 | Every day, millions of players worldwide enter battle as one of over a hundred Dota heroes. And no matter if it's their 10th hour of play or 1,000th, there's always something new to discover. With regular updates that ensure a constant evolution of gameplay, features, and heroes, Dota 2 has taken on a life of its own.
63 | Yu-Gi-Oh! MASTER DUEL is the ultimate free-to-play cross-platform strategy card game with fast-paced Duels, stunning HD graphics and a new, dynamic soundtrack! Get ready to challenge Duelists around the world!
64 | You've inherited your grandfather's old farm plot in Stardew Valley. Armed with hand-me-down tools and a few coins, you set out to begin your new life. Can you learn to live off the land and turn these overgrown fields into a thriving home?
65 | Wuthering Waves is a story-rich open-world action RPG with a high degree of freedom. You wake from your slumber as Rover, joined by a vibrant cast of Resonators on a journey to reclaim your lost memories and change the world.
66 | Join THE FINALS, the world-famous, free-to-play, combat-centered game show! Fight alongside your teammates in virtual arenas that you can alter, exploit, and even destroy. Build your own playstyle in this first-person shooter to win escalating tournaments and lasting fame.
67 | Discover the award-winning game that inspired the critically acclaimed television show. Guide Joel and Ellie through a post-apocalyptic America, and encounter unforgettable allies and enemies in The Last of Us™.
68 | STAR WARS™: The Old Republic™ is a free-to-play MMORPG that puts you at the center of your own story-driven saga. Play as a Jedi, Sith, Bounty Hunter, or one of many other iconic STAR WARS roles in the galaxy far, far away over three thousand years before the classic films.
69 | The poker roguelike. Balatro is a hypnotically satisfying deckbuilder where you play illegal poker hands, discover game-changing jokers, and trigger adrenaline-pumping, outrageous combos.
70 | Dive into the Dark Hour and awaken the depths of your heart. Persona 3 Reload is a captivating reimagining of the genre-defining RPG, reborn for the modern era with cutting-edge graphics and gameplay.
71 | Cuphead is a classic run and gun action game heavily focused on boss battles. Inspired by cartoons of the 1930s, the visuals and audio are painstakingly created with the same techniques of the era, i.e. traditional hand drawn cel animation, watercolor backgrounds, and original jazz recordings.
72 | Ready or Not is an intense, tactical, first-person shooter that depicts a modern-day world in which SWAT police units are called to defuse hostile and confronting situations.
73 | Then, there was fire. Re-experience the critically acclaimed, genre-defining game that started it all. Beautifully remastered, return to Lordran in stunning high-definition detail running at 60fps.
74 | Sent to find a missing billionaire on a remote island, you find yourself in a cannibal-infested hellscape. Craft, build, and struggle to survive, alone or with friends, in this terrifying new open-world survival horror simulator.
75 | The Master Chief’s iconic journey includes six games, built for PC and collected in a single integrated experience. Whether you’re a long-time fan or meeting Spartan 117 for the first time, The Master Chief Collection is the definitive Halo gaming experience.
76 | Bethesda Game Studios welcome you to Fallout 76. Twenty-five years after the bombs fall, you and your fellow Vault Dwellers emerge into post-nuclear America. Explore a vast wasteland in this open-world multiplayer addition to the Fallout story.
77 | Experience entertainment blockbusters Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online — now upgraded for a new generation with stunning visuals, faster loading, 3D audio, and more, plus exclusive content for GTA Online players.
78 | ARK is reimagined from the ground-up into the next-generation of video game technology with Unreal Engine 5! Form a tribe, tame & breed hundreds of unique dinosaurs and primeval creatures, explore, craft, build, and fight your way to the top of the food-chain. Your new world awaits!
79 | Kazutaka Kodaka and Kotaro Uchikoshi join forces for the first time to deliver the ULTIMATE adventure game! 15 students are tasked with defending a school from grotesque monsters for 100 days. Can they make it to the end? And will they survive long enough to uncover the truth?
80 | Join the fight for Sanctuary in Diablo® IV, the ultimate action RPG adventure. Experience the critically acclaimed campaign and new seasonal content.
81 | Explore the world with our largest fleet of aircraft and take simulation to new heights while pursuing your aviation career within Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024.
82 | FragPunk is a thrilling 5v5 hero shooter where Shard Cards allow you to break the rules of combat and ensure that no two rounds are ever the same. Get ready to unleash your skills!
83 | Embark on the craziest journey of your life in It Takes Two. Invite a friend to join for free with Friend’s Pass and work together across a huge variety of gleefully disruptive gameplay challenges. Winner of GAME OF THE YEAR at the Game Awards 2021.
84 | Embody the superhuman skill and brutality of a Space Marine. Unleash deadly abilities and devastating weaponry to obliterate the relentless Tyranid swarms. Defend the Imperium in spectacular third-person action in solo or multiplayer modes.
85 | Welcome to Call of Duty®: Warzone™, the massive free-to-play combat arena. Experience thrilling modes & new gameplay features in Verdansk and Rebirth Island.
86 | PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS, the high-stakes winner-take-all shooter that started the Battle Royale craze, is free-to-play! Drop into diverse maps, loot unique weapons and supplies, and survive in an ever-shrinking zone where every turn could be your last.
87 | Celebrating its first year of delighting millions of global players, the award-winning and best-selling strategy franchise continues with Age of Empires IV: Anniversary Edition, putting you at the center of even more epic historical battles that shaped the world.
88 | Delta Force is back! The iconic series returns as the definitive free-to-play modern team-based tactical shooter and featuring three distinct gameplay modes: large-scale PvP warfare, intense extraction shooter action, and a remake of the legendary Black Hawk Down campaign.
89 | From gliders and helicopters to wide-body jets, fly highly detailed and accurate aircraft in the Microsoft Flight Simulator 40th Anniversary Edition. The world is at your fingertips.
90 | The world is a vast, beautiful and dangerous place – especially when you have been shrunk to the size of an ant. Can you thrive alongside the hordes of giant insects, fighting to survive the perils of the backyard?
91 | Escape a chaotic alien planet by fighting through hordes of frenzied monsters – with your friends, or on your own. Combine loot in surprising ways and master each character until you become the havoc you feared upon your first crash landing.
92 | Deep Rock Galactic is a 1-4 player co-op FPS featuring badass space Dwarves, 100% destructible environments, procedurally-generated caves, and endless hordes of alien monsters.
93 | Dive into the legends of the Far East in NARAKA: BLADEPOINT; team up with friends in fast-paced melee fights for a Battle Royale experience unlike any other. Find your playstyle with a varied cast of heroes with unique skills. More than 20 million players have already joined the fray, play free now!
94 | Farming Simulator 25 invites you to join the rewarding farm life, single-handedly or cooperatively in multiplayer. This Farm is Your Farm!
95 | Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas: It’s the early ’90s. After a couple of cops frame him for homicide, Carl ‘CJ’ Johnson is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.
96 | You are Flameborn, last ember of hope of a dying race. Awaken, survive the terror of a corrupting fog, and reclaim the lost beauty of your kingdom. Venture into a vast world, vanquish punishing bosses, build grand halls and forge your path in this co-op survival action RPG for up to 16 players.
97 | The award-winning strategy game franchise returns with a revolutionary new chapter. Sid Meier's Civilization® VII empowers you to build the greatest empire the world has ever known!
98 | Don the mask and join the Phantom Thieves of Hearts as they stage grand heists, infiltrate the minds of the corrupt, and make them change their ways!
99 | A dynamic soft-body physics vehicle simulator capable of doing just about anything.
100 | The feverish football game with a worldwide total of 850 million downloads is waiting for you! Play eFootball™ with users around the world!
101 | Join an elite group of civilian agents in this action-packed RPG shooter. Engage in intense tactical combat, team-up with your friends, and survive in a dynamic open world to save Washington, D.C.
102 | Build a world-class team ready to dominate your rivals in football’s most prestigious competitions. Progress never stops when you’re pursuing footballing greatness.
"103 | Assetto Corsa v1.16 introduces the new ""Laguna Seca"" laser-scanned track, 7 new cars among which the eagerly awaited Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio! Check the changelog for further info!"
104 | Discover a reborn Mortal Kombat™ Universe created by the Fire God Liu Kang. Mortal Kombat™ 1 ushers in a new era of the iconic franchise with a new fighting system, game modes, and fatalities!
105 | Embark on an odyssey for the Lost Ark in a vast, vibrant world: explore new lands, seek out lost treasures, and test yourself in thrilling action combat in this action-packed free-to-play RPG.
106 | Cloud Strife, an ex-SOLDIER operative, descends on the mako-powered city of Midgar. The world of the timeless classic FINAL FANTASY VII is reborn, using cutting-edge graphics technology, a new battle system and an additional adventure featuring Yuffie Kisaragi.
107 | Be Greater. Together. The incredible power of the symbiote forces Peter Parker and Miles Morales into a desperate fight as they balance their lives, friendships, and their duty to protect in an exciting chapter of the critically acclaimed Spider-Man franchise on PC.
108 | We are the world’s premier motorsports racing game. An iRacing membership provides entry into the newest form of motorsport: internet racing. Internet racing is a fun, easy, and inexpensive way for race fan and gamers alike to enjoy the thrill of the racetrack from the comfort of their home.
109 | Join our growing community as you explore, play, and help craft the future of social VR. Create worlds and custom avatars. Welcome to VRChat.
110 | Be the hero in the ultimate STAR WARS™ battle fantasy with STAR WARS™ Battlefront™ II: Celebration Edition!
111 | From Moon Studios, the award-winning developers of Ori and the Blind Forest and Ori and the Will of the Wisps comes No Rest for the Wicked, a visceral, precision Action RPG set to reinvent the genre.
112 | Immerse yourself in thrilling naval battles and assemble an armada of over 600 ships from the first half of the 20th century — from stealthy destroyers to gigantic battleships. Change the look of your ship, choose upgrades to suit your play style, and go into battle with other players!
113 | Overwatch 2 is a critically acclaimed, team-based shooter game set in an optimistic future with an evolving roster of heroes. Team up with friends and jump in today.
114 | Niko Bellic, Johnny Klebitz and Luis Lopez all have one thing in common - they live in the worst city in America. Liberty City worships money and status, and is heaven for those who have them and a living nightmare for those who don't.
115 | Satisfactory is a first-person open-world factory building game with a dash of exploration and combat. Play alone or with friends, explore an alien planet, create multi-story factories, and enter conveyor belt heaven!
116 | A nuclear disaster has left an area of Britain in tatters. Atomfall, a new survival-action game, will see you explore, scavenge, craft, barter and fight your way through beautifully recreated scenery in search of answers.
117 | The cataclysmic conclusion to the Total War: WARHAMMER trilogy is here. Rally your forces and step into the Realm of Chaos, a dimension of mind-bending horror where the very fate of the world will be decided. Will you conquer your Daemons… or command them?
118 | Build a world for wildlife in Planet Zoo. From the developers of Planet Coaster and Zoo Tycoon comes the ultimate zoo sim. Construct detailed habitats, manage your zoo, and meet authentic living animals who think, feel and explore the world you create around them.
119 | Curate and manage incredible museums! Explore to discover amazing artifacts. Design and refine the layout, keep staff happy, guests entertained, donations plentiful… and children off the exhibits
120 | Rule your land and dominate the world with unparalleled freedom, depth and historical accuracy. Write a new history of the world and build an empire for the ages.
121 | Raft™ throws you and your friends into an epic oceanic adventure! Alone or together, players battle to survive a perilous voyage across a vast sea! Gather debris, scavenge reefs and build your own floating home, but be wary of the man-eating sharks!
122 | The First Berserker: Khazan is a hardcore action role-playing game. The player will become Khazan, the great general of the Pell Los Empire, who overcame death, and sets out to reveal the incidents that led to his downfall and seek vengeance on his enemies.
123 | Magic: The Gathering Arena empowers you to discover your strategy, meet the planeswalkers, explore the multiverse, and battle friends around the world. Start playing for free, challenge your friends, unlock cards, and feel the magic of the original fantasy CCG!
124 | Project Zomboid is the ultimate in zombie survival. Alone or in MP: you loot, build, craft, fight, farm and fish in a struggle to survive. A hardcore RPG skillset, a vast map, massively customisable sandbox and a cute tutorial raccoon await the unwary. So how will you die? All it takes is a bite..
"125 | In MECHWARRIOR 5: CLANS, players become new Smoke Jaguar pilots in the Clan Invasion of the Inner Sphere. Lead a five-mech ""Star"" squad across diverse planets, engaging in an expansive campaign with immersive gameplay and intricate combat. Customize BattleMechs and explore strategic options."
126 | Build your duchy piece by piece in this refreshing hybrid rogue-lite game. Use block-dropping mechanics to collect resources, recruit troops to fight against belligerent armies, and let every block shape your realm, leading your path to victory!
127 | Celebrate 15 years of the ultimate railway hobby! Learn to operate officially licensed locomotives from historic steam to modern day electrics and explore realistic detailed routes from around the world. Train Simulator Classic 2024 is the simulation made by railfans for railfans.
128 | The First Descendant is a third-person looter shooter powered by Unreal Engine 5. Become a Descendant. Fight for the survival of humanity. Descendants have unique abilities to tackle both solo and co-op missions. Up to 4 players use varied mechanics to defeat giant bosses. BE THE FIRST DESCENDANT!
129 | Experience an epic open-world brought to life by the award-winning Nemesis System. Forge a new Ring of Power, conquer Fortresses in massive battles and dominate Mordor with your personal orc army in Middle-earth™: Shadow of War™.
130 | Experience legendary American trucks and deliver various cargoes across sunny California, sandy Nevada, and the Grand Canyon State of Arizona. American Truck Simulator takes you on a journey through the breathtaking landscapes and widely recognized landmarks around the States.
131 | From legendary game creator Hideo Kojima comes a genre-defying experience, now expanded in this definitive DIRECTOR’S CUT. As Sam Bridges, your mission is to deliver hope to humanity by connecting the last survivors of a decimated America. Can you reunite the shattered world, one step at a time?
"132 | Fight, farm, build and work alongside mysterious creatures called ""Pals"" in this completely new multiplayer, open world survival and crafting game!"
133 | Cities: Skylines is a modern take on the classic city simulation. The game introduces new game play elements to realize the thrill and hardships of creating and maintaining a real city whilst expanding on some well-established tropes of the city building experience.
134 | IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad is the continuation of the legendary IL-2 Sturmovik series that has set the standard for PC combat flight games for more than ten years. This new entry into the series will offer virtual pilots an even more accurate simulation of the most famous air battles.
135 | Build and customise thrilling roller coasters and incredible water slides, manage the ultimate theme park experience, and share your epic creations. Are you ready to ride the wave?
136 | Ready for mayhem? Wreckfest is back, offering the best in full-contact racing with unrivaled destruction! Witness head-to-head battles as you tear apart rival vehicles bit by bit. Powered by the enhanced physics engine, developed by the creators of Wreckfest & FlatOut!
137 | Stranded on the shores of a mysterious island, you must learn to survive. Use your cunning to kill or tame the primeval creatures roaming the land, and encounter other players to survive, dominate... and escape!
138 | KINGDOM HEARTS -HD 1.5+2.5 ReMIX- is an HD remastered collection of 6 unforgettable KINGDOM HEARTS experiences. Take up your Keyblade to save the Disney worlds from darkness.
139 | Enter the world of the ultimate assassin. HITMAN World of Assassination delivers the definitive stealth action experience, putting you in the shoes of Agent 47, a master assassin. Explore immersive locations, uncover hidden secrets, and eliminate targets with complete freedom of approach.
140 | Hunt: Showdown 1896 is a new era of the addictively unforgiving extraction shooter. In corrupted backwaters lost to history, fight back alone – or with friends – against timeless evil. Twisted monsters and other ruthless Hunters stand between you and your Bounty. Risk everything as Hunt consumes you
141 | The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a randomly generated action RPG shooter with heavy Rogue-like elements. Following Isaac on his journey players will find bizarre treasures that change Isaac’s form giving him super human abilities and enabling him to fight off droves of mysterious creatures, discover secrets and fight his way to safety.
142 | Battlefield™ 2042 is a first-person shooter that marks the return to the iconic all-out warfare of the franchise.
143 | Work your way to a service empire. Get your hands dirty in a highly realistic simulation game that pays major attention to details. Pay a visit to a new Auction house and buy cars in various conditions. Expand your range of services by investing in a new work space and equipment.
144 | Take your best shot at glory in PGA TOUR 2K25! In a 2K-first, compete in three prestigious major tournaments. Personalize your game with expanded MyCAREER, MyPLAYER and Course Designer options. Challenge friends across ranked, casual, and cross-platform multiplayer.
145 | As the Executive Manager of Limbus Company, lead your group of twelve Sinners, venture into the buried facilities of Lobotomy Corporation, and lay claim on the Golden Boughs.
146 | Create different classes who all work together when you're gone! When you return, spend their loot on powerful upgrades and synergies - but don't be fooled by the simple graphics, IdleOn gets more complex with each World Boss you defeat!
147 | DREDGE is a single-player fishing adventure with a sinister undercurrent. Sell your catch, upgrade your boat, and dredge the depths for long-buried secrets. Explore a mysterious archipelago and discover why some things are best left forgotten.
148 | Call of Duty®: Black Ops III Zombies Chronicles Edition includes the full base game plus the Zombies Chronicles content expansion.
149 | Assassin's Creed Odyssey is an action-adventure game where you choose the hero you want to become. Embark on an epic journey from outcast to living legend to uncover the secrets of your past and change the fate of Ancient Greece. Fight in visceral battles on both land and sea to become a true hero
150 | An online multiplayer survival game, now with sorcery, set in the lands of Conan the Barbarian. Survive in a vast open world sandbox, build your home into a kingdom, and dominate your enemies in single or multiplayer.
151 | Black Myth: Wukong is an action RPG rooted in Chinese mythology. You shall set out as the Destined One to venture into the challenges and marvels ahead, to uncover the obscured truth beneath the veil of a glorious legend from the past.
152 | Teamwork and betrayal in space! In this PC & VR party game, Crewmates work together to complete tasks before one or more Impostors kill everyone aboard. Experience all of the same deception and deceit as the original Among Us, but now in all three dimensions.
153 | Dig, fight, explore, build! Nothing is impossible in this action-packed adventure game. Four Pack also available!
154 | The Unknown Journey Continues... After escaping from the dystopian city of Midgar, Cloud and his friends set out on a journey across the planet. New adventures await in a vibrant and vast world in this standalone entry to the FFVII remake trilogy!
155 | Experience an ARPG's rapid ascension to power in minutes, packed with savage, survivors-like action and devastating sword & sorcery combat. Perfect your builds through Dark Ritual runs that will decide humanity's future as you battle endless hordes across haunting ruins and cursed kingdoms.
156 | Assetto Corsa Competizione, the official GT World Challenge videogame. Thanks to the extraordinary quality of simulation, you will experience the atmosphere of the GT3 championship. Compete against official drivers, teams, cars and official circuits reproduced to the highest quality ever seen.
157 | Build and fly your own airplane! Complete missions to earn money, upgrade your plane, and discover new locations in an open world.
158 | Raise a city from the ground up and transform it into a thriving metropolis with the most realistic city builder ever. Push your creativity and problem-solving to build on a scale you've never experienced. With deep simulation and a living economy, this is world-building without limits.
"159 | Can you find love at the nerdiest convention ever? ""Monster Con"" goes back to the multiplayer dating sim formula: go through absurd and funny situations as you find love among six sexy monsters! Who will you romance? The mimic who cosplays? The idol clown? Or the eldritch cutie? (There's also Liam)"
"160 | How long can you survive a post-apocalyptic world? A land overrun with an infected ""zombie"" population, where you compete with other survivors for limited resources. Will you team up with strangers and stay strong together? Or play as a lone wolf to avoid betrayal? This is DayZ – this is your story."
161 | Take back the city of Tertium from hordes of bloodthirsty foes in this intense and brutal action shooter. Warhammer 40,000: Darktide is the new co-op focused experience from the award-winning team behind the Vermintide series. As Tertium falls, Rejects Will Rise.
162 | In Star Trek Online, the Star Trek universe appears for the first time on a truly massive scale. Players take the captain's chair as they command their own starship and crew. Explore strange new worlds, seek out new life and new civilizations, and boldly go where no one has gone before.
163 | The Bloons are back and better than ever! Get ready for a massive 3D tower defense game designed to give you hours and hours of the best strategy gaming available.
164 | Guild Wars 2 is an award-winning online roleplaying game with fast-paced action combat, deep character customization, and no subscription fee required. Choose from an arsenal of professions and weapons, explore a vast open world, compete in PVP modes and more. Join over 16 million players now!
165 | A storm is coming. Venture into the complete Ghost of Tsushima DIRECTOR’S CUT on PC; forge your own path through this open-world action adventure and uncover its hidden wonders. Brought to you by Sucker Punch Productions, Nixxes Software and PlayStation Studios.
166 | An epic dark fantasy where fates are decided by mighty Eikons and the Dominants who wield them. This is the tale of Clive Rosfield, a tragic warrior who swears revenge on the Dark Eikon Ifrit, a mysterious entity that leaves naught but calamity in its wake.
167 | Out-build the competition in Career. Race the globe in Multiplayer. Compete in over 500 cars on 27 world-famous tracks – now featuring the exhilarating Nürburgring Nordschleife!
168 | DARK SOULS™ II: Scholar of the First Sin brings the franchise’s renowned obscurity & gripping gameplay to a new level. Join the dark journey and experience overwhelming enemy encounters, diabolical hazards, and unrelenting challenge.
169 | Ride and fight into a deadly, post pandemic America. Play as Deacon St. John, a drifter and bounty hunter who rides the broken road, fighting to survive while searching for a reason to live in this open-world action-adventure game.
170 | NieR: Automata tells the story of androids 2B, 9S and A2 and their battle to reclaim the machine-driven dystopia overrun by powerful machines.
171 | Unite the Veilguard and defy the gods in Dragon Age™: The Veilguard, an immersive single-player RPG.
172 | TEKKEN 8 is the latest addition to the TEKKEN series, the pinnacle of 3D fighting games. Join the fight with over 32 characters and bear witness to the next installment in this epic saga. Get ready for the biggest and best TEKKEN game ever made!
173 | A galaxy-spanning adventure awaits in Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, a 3rd person action-adventure title from Respawn. An abandoned Padawan must complete his training, develop new powerful Force abilities, and master the art of the lightsaber - all while staying one step ahead of the Empire.
174 | A co-op horror about scavenging at abandoned moons to sell scrap to the Company.
175 | Experience true combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox. Deploying a wide variety of single- and multiplayer content, over 20 vehicles and 40 weapons, and limitless opportunities for content creation, this is the PC’s premier military game. Authentic, diverse, open - Arma 3 sends you to war.
176 | The Mass Effect™ Legendary Edition includes single-player base content and over 40 DLC from the highly acclaimed Mass Effect, Mass Effect 2, and Mass Effect 3 games, including promo weapons, armors, and packs — remastered and optimized for 4K Ultra HD.
177 | Battlefield™ 1 takes you back to The Great War, WW1, where new technology and worldwide conflict changed the face of warfare forever.
178 | Enjoy realistic driving in the open world. Relaxing cargo deliveries or driving buses and taxis will give you enough money to buy new cars and parts. You can test your driving skills at the race track. It's all about pure driving pleasure!
179 | Red Barrels invites you to experience mind-numbing terror, this time with friends. Whether you go through the trials alone or in teams, if you survive long enough and complete the therapy, Murkoff will happily let you leave… but will you be the same?
180 | Become immersed in exhilarating battles as a nameless hero in the Three Kingdoms
181 | Join over 260 million players worldwide in MapleStory, the world’s biggest 2D MMORPG adventure! Play now for free.
182 | Run fast, soar through the air, and master your landings as you speed through procedural worlds to outrun the end of the universe!
183 | Foundation is a grid-less, laidback medieval city-building game with a focus on organic development, monument construction and resource management.
184 | Join the ever expanding experience of Hell Let Loose - a hardcore World War Two first person shooter with epic battles of 100 players with infantry, tanks, artillery, a dynamically shifting front line and a unique resource based RTS-inspired meta-game.
185 | The fate of Ember Technology is in your hands. With abounding hero build possibilities, dive into an epic journey with endless loot, adrenaline-pumping fights & new seasonal contents.
186 | Celebrate The Bloodline in Showcase. Compete online in MyGM. Expanded gameplay includes intergender wrestling, chain wrestling, barricade diving, the return of Promos + much more!
187 | Made in a close partnership with Games Workshop, Warhammer 40,000: Rogue Trader is a story-rich classical RPG from Owlcat Games, developers of the critically acclaimed game, Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous.
188 | Battle beyond the Underworld using dark sorcery to take on the Titan of Time in this bewitching sequel to the award-winning rogue-like dungeon crawler.
189 | Embark on a cozy, open-world adventure with Hello Kitty and Friends. Befriend beloved characters as you explore and restore a mysterious island, solve ancient puzzles, cook delicious dishes, customize yourself and your cabins, and so much more.
190 | Experience fierce open world survival gameplay as you attempt to stay alive on an unforgiving island inhabited by dinosaurs! Hunt. Grow. Survive.
191 | Dinkum is a survival life simulation game set on an island inspired by the rugged Australian outback. Farm, hunt, mine, fish, and forage to gather resources, expand your town, and discover what makes Dinkum so special—either solo or with friends.
192 | Bethesda Game Studios, the award-winning creators of Fallout 3 and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, welcome you to the world of Fallout 4 – their most ambitious game ever, and the next generation of open-world gaming.
193 | Rule a fantasy realm of your own design! Explore new magical realms in Age of Wonders’ signature blend of 4X strategy and turn-based tactical combat. Control a faction that grows and changes as you expand your empire with each turn!
194 | From one of gaming's most iconic sagas, Halo is bigger than ever. Featuring an expansive open-world campaign and a dynamic free to play multiplayer experience.
195 | Once you get tangled with the mob, you will forever be a part of the mob. At least they pay a decent salary and all you have to do is clean up after their dirty work, but you know what you’re doing. So clean crime scenes, earn as much money as you can, and get ready for the next mission.
196 | Hogwarts Legacy is an immersive, open-world action RPG. Now you can take control of the action and be at the center of your own adventure in the wizarding world.
197 | Texas, 1980. Walton City has fallen to a zombie outbreak. Lead a band of desperate survivors from refuge to refuge by scavenging, crafting, and fighting in a relentless struggle for survival. Plan wisely, stick together, and — above all — keep moving if you want to make it out alive.
198 | Tanks, not war: jump into a free-to-play MMO action shooter with over 400 tanks. Enjoy stunning graphics and intuitive touch controls. Engage in 7vs7 battles, strategize with your team to conquer diverse maps. Customize tanks, unlock upgrades, and dive into adrenaline-pumping action on mobile and PC
199 | Assetto Corsa EVO redefines the realism and features of one of the most popular multiplatform driving simulations ever developed. Featuring cars and tracks from different classes spanning across years of motoring history.
200 | Forge your own path in Hollow Knight! An epic action adventure through a vast ruined kingdom of insects and heroes. Explore twisting caverns, battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs, all in a classic, hand-drawn 2D style.
201 | South of Midnight is a new action-adventure from Compulsion Games. Explore the mythos and confront mysterious creatures of the Deep South in this modern folktale while learning to weave an ancient power to surmount obstacles and unravel your family’s hidden past.
202 | Get ready for the next-generation off-road experience! Drive powerful vehicles and overcome extreme open environments to complete dozens of challenging missions solo or with up to 3 friends!
203 | A story-driven action-adventure RPG, bringing the world of Westeros to life with remarkable detail and never-before seen scale
204 | The door to your robber’s career is waiting! Just crowbar the lock off and force your way through the threshold. Learn skills, collect tools and become a master of the thieving trade!
205 | An epic platform fighter for up to 8 players online or local. Try casual free-for-alls, ranked matches, or invite friends to a private room. And it's free! Play cross-platform with millions of players on PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, iOS, Android & Steam! Frequent updates. Over sixty Legends.
206 | Take over the duties of a border guard inspector in a communist country of the 80's. Smuggling, corruption and forgery are the order of the day here. Be vigilant and earn the respect of your superiors.
207 | Open your own local game store. Stock shelves with the latest booster packs, or crack them and collect the cards for yourself. Set your own prices, hire staff, host events, and expand your card shop.
208 | ULTRAKILL is a fast-paced ultraviolent retro FPS combining the skill-based style scoring from character action games with unadulterated carnage inspired by the best shooters of the '90s. Rip apart your foes with varied destructive weapons and shower in their blood to regain your health.
209 | From the creator of The Stanley Parable and The Beginner’s Guide comes Wanderstop, a narrative-centric cozy game about change and tea.
210 | A visually lifelike co-op horror for 1-6 people. Journey through 9 procedurally generated levels, using what's available to survive and progress deeper into the Backrooms.
211 | Here comes Capcom’s newest challenger! Street Fighter™ 6 launches worldwide on June 2nd, 2023 and represents the next evolution of the Street Fighter™ series! Street Fighter 6 spans three distinct game modes, including World Tour, Fighting Ground and Battle Hub.
212 | A brutal exploration and survival game for 1-10 players, set in a procedurally-generated purgatory inspired by viking culture. Battle, build, and conquer your way to a saga worthy of Odin’s patronage!
213 | Disco Elysium - The Final Cut is a groundbreaking role playing game. You’re a detective with a unique skill system at your disposal and a whole city to carve your path across. Interrogate unforgettable characters, crack murders or take bribes. Become a hero or an absolute disaster of a human being.
214 | The sci-fi survival-horror classic returns, completely rebuilt to offer an even more immersive experience — including visual, audio, and gameplay improvements — while staying faithful to the original game’s thrilling vision.
215 | Descend into the depths of an alien underwater world filled with wonder and peril. Craft equipment, pilot submarines and out-smart wildlife to explore lush coral reefs, volcanoes, cave systems, and more - all while trying to survive.
216 | Manor Lords is a medieval strategy game featuring in-depth city building, large-scale tactical battles, and complex economic and social simulations. Rule your lands as a medieval lord – the seasons pass, the weather changes, and cities rise and fall.
217 | In the distant future when civilization is on the verge of extinction, people follow the legend of the Elysium in the last city, Havenswell. In this post-apocalyptic wasteland sci-fi ARPG, you will play as Arrisa, a Blader with immortality, and explore the city ruin to find the hope of a new life.
218 | Abiotic Factor is a survival crafting experience for 1-6 players set in the depths of an underground research facility. Caught between paranormal containment failure, a military crusade, and chaos from a dozen realms, the world’s greatest minds must survive against the universe’s biggest threats.
219 | WorldBox is the ULTIMATE god simulator and sandbox game. A petri dish for your fantasy civilizations. Create your own world or destroy it using many powers. Watch civilizations grow, form kingdoms, colonize new lands, sail to far continents, wars to ignite, empires to fall and towns to burn!
220 | Fight massive battles between infantry, armored vehicles, tanks, cannons and planes. Realistically manage your weapons and equipment, coordinate with your squad, and tactically navigate large, fully destructible open world maps. Experience the WW2 in singleplayer, PVP and Co-Op.
221 | Strinova is an anime-style third-person tactical competitive shooter. Switch freely between three-dimensional and two-dimensional forms in this one-of-a-kind game that offers a unique tactical shooting system for an unparalleled experience.
222 | Kratos and Atreus embark on a mythic journey for answers before Ragnarök arrives – now on PC.
223 | Survival is just the beginning. Six years have passed since the biological disaster in Raccoon City. Leon S. Kennedy, one of the survivors, tracks the president's kidnapped daughter to a secluded European village, where there is something terribly wrong with the locals.
224 | Avowed is a first-person fantasy RPG set in the world of Eora, where your choices carve a path through war, intrigue, and ancient mysteries. Navigate a land in turmoil, forge powerful alliances or deadly rivalries, and wield magic and steel to shape the fate of the Living Lands—and your own destiny.
225 | RuneScape is a high fantasy open world MMORPG. Explore an ever changing and evolving living world where new challenges, skills, and quests await. Featuring unprecedented player freedom, you choose how to play, adventure, and grow.
226 | Offering unparalleled sniping mechanics, stealth and tactical third-person combat, Sniper Elite: Resistance turns the attention of the award-winning series towards a hidden war, far from the front lines, deep within the heart of occupied France.
227 | Lust Goddess is a hot and thrilling collectible card game, in which you will assemble your unique squad of sexy mercenary girls. Earn their love and trust, and they will show you their gratitude by bringing your wildest and lewdest fantasies to life!
228 | Jump into the free-to-play team-based shooter with an ever-expanding roster of historical vehicles, stunning graphics, spectacular locales, and orchestral scores. Show your mastery and face other players in thrilling PvP clashes. A unique mix of strategy and action awaits!
229 | You are Geralt of Rivia, mercenary monster slayer. Before you stands a war-torn, monster-infested continent you can explore at will. Your current contract? Tracking down Ciri — the Child of Prophecy, a living weapon that can alter the shape of the world.
230 | Call to Arms - Gates of Hell is a realistic RTS/ RTT game that offers endless replay value. Command all types of troops in historical singleplayer, dynamic campaign, PvP and PvE battles. Are you ready for some serious immersion in World War 2?
231 | Sunderfolk is a shared turn-based tactical RPG adventure where your phone becomes the controller. Inspired by gathering around a table with friends, it is built with a couch co-op experience in mind. Up to four players adventure across the magical and dangerous Sunderlands.
232 | Join the grid and Be One of the 20. Drive like the greatest in EA SPORTS™ F1® 24, the official video game of the 2024 FIA Formula One World Championship™.
233 | Discover an atmospheric hunting game like no other in this realistic, stunning open world – regularly updated in collaboration with the community. Immerse yourself in the single player campaign, or share the ultimate hunting experience with friends.
"234 | Feel the excitement of flying the Su-25T ""Frogfoot"" attack jet and the TF-51D ""Mustang"" in the free-to-play Digital Combat Simulator World!"
235 | Game of the Year - The Game Awards 2019 Best Action Game of 2019 - IGN Carve your own clever path to vengeance in the award winning adventure from developer FromSoftware, creators of Bloodborne and the Dark Souls series. Take Revenge. Restore Your Honor. Kill Ingeniously.
236 | Story-driven open-world RPG that immerses you in an epic adventure in the Holy Roman Empire. Avenge your parents' death as you battle invading forces, go on game-changing quests, and make influential choices. Explore castles, forests, villages and other realistic settings in medieval Bohemia!
237 | A plinko-style roguelike where you work at a number factory. Launch your spherical friend, Nubby, down a pegboard to make bigger and bigger numbers! But beware, if you fail to meet your number quota, the sun will explode.
238 | Jurassic World Evolution 2 is the much-anticipated sequel to Frontier’s highly successful Jurassic World Evolution. This bold new era in the Jurassic World Evolution game franchise builds upon the ground-breaking and immersive 2018 management simulation.
239 | The ultimate Devil Hunter is back in style, in the game action fans have been waiting for.
240 | Bodycam is the first ultra-realistic multiplayer, first-person shooter game made using the latest technologies of the next-gen game engine Unreal Engine 5. Get ready to dive into fast-paced Bodycam actions, where every bullet counts and every choice can decide over the victory or loss of your team.
241 | Le Mans is a continually evolving story... powered by emotion, speed and glory. Le Mans Ultimate - the official game of the FIA World Endurance Championship and 24 Hours of Le Mans.
242 | Investigating a letter from his late wife, James returns to where they made so many memories - Silent Hill. What he finds is a ghost town, prowled by disturbing monsters and cloaked in deep fog. Confront the monsters, solve puzzles, and search for traces of your wife in this remake of SILENT HILL 2.
243 | Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell dungeon crawler following a band of misfits seeking to shoot, loot, dodge roll and table-flip their way to personal absolution by reaching the legendary Gungeon’s ultimate treasure: the gun that can kill the past.
244 | Through victory and defeat, traverse the merciless trials of hell.
245 | Discover the vast Chornobyl Exclusion Zone full of dangerous enemies, deadly anomalies and powerful artifacts. Unveil your own epic story as you make your way to the Heart of Chornobyl. Make your choices wisely, as they will determine your fate in the end.
246 | Garry's Mod is a physics sandbox. There aren't any predefined aims or goals. We give you the tools and leave you to play.
247 | Welcome to the world's most chaotic place! Play solo or co-op with up to 6 players. Run a fast-food restaurant, and work with your friends to expand your business. Take orders, make burgers, and increase your earnings by dealing with customers.
248 | Wartales is an open world RPG in which you lead a group of mercenaries in their search for wealth across a massive medieval universe. Explore the world, recruit companions, collect bounties and unravel the secrets of the tombs of the ancients!
249 | From the creators of the award-winning Age of Empires franchise, Age of Mythology: Retold goes beyond history to a mythical age where gods, monsters, and humans collide.
250 | Step into a dark reimagination of Arthurian legends in this first person, open world RPG. Explore a world stuck in everlasting autumn, witness falling legends and make meaningful choices woven into a complex, branching storyline.
251 | It's time to dust off your hammer - House Flipper is back in a brand-new fashion! Buy and renovate run-down houses! Or maybe you want to build new ones? Now you can! Start as a rookie Flipper and make a fortune by helping out the community of the charming town of Pinnacove.
252 | Pilot a powerful mech to fight off the alien invasion in this ULTIMATE fusion of deckbuilding and grid-based tactics. Discover game-breaking combos, rewind time to alter your fate, and protect the future of humanity in this endlessly replayable roguelike.
253 | A space survival open world terraforming crafting game, designed for 1 to 10 players. Alter the ecosystem of an inhospitable planet to render it habitable for humanity. Survive, gather resources, and build your base. Then, generate oxygen, warmth, and pressure to create a brand new biosphere.
254 | Take control of your own starship in a cutthroat galaxy. Elite Dangerous is the definitive massively multiplayer space epic.
255 | Named Game of the Year 2019 by Giant Bomb, Polygon, Eurogamer, and The Guardian, Outer Wilds is a critically-acclaimed and award-winning open world mystery about a solar system trapped in an endless time loop.
256 | Embark on a journey to a realm overrun by demons in a new epic RPG from the creators of the critically acclaimed Pathfinder: Kingmaker. Explore the nature of good and evil, learn the true cost of power, and rise as a Mythic Hero capable of deeds beyond mortal expectations.
257 | Tabletop Simulator is the only simulator where you can let your aggression out by flipping the table! There are no rules to follow: just you, a physics sandbox, and your friends. Make your own online board games or play the thousands of community created mods. Unlimited gaming possibilities!
258 | Become a god and wage war in SMITE 2, the free-to-play Unreal Engine 5-powered sequel to the legendary third-person action MOBA. If you love challenging competition, intense action, ability-driven combat, rewarding teamwork, or godly mythology, you’ll see why 40+ million players love SMITE.
259 | A Way Out is an exclusively co-op adventure where you play the role of one of two prisoners making their daring escape from prison.
260 | Space Engineers is a sandbox game about engineering, construction, exploration and survival in space and on planets. Players build space ships, space stations, planetary outposts of various sizes and uses, pilot ships and travel through space to explore planets and gather resources to survive.
261 | THE LONG DARK is a thoughtful, exploration-survival experience that challenges solo players to think for themselves as they explore an expansive frozen wilderness in the aftermath of a geomagnetic disaster. There are no zombies -- only you, the cold, and all the threats Mother Nature can muster.
262 | Run your own supermarket. Stock shelves, set prices as you'd like, take payments, hire staff, expand, deal with shoplifters, and design your store. Purchase goods from online or local markets around the town. Online orders & delivery are upcoming.
263 | This is the ultimate Battlefield V experience. Enter mankind’s greatest conflict with the complete arsenal of weapons, vehicles, and gadgets plus the best customization content of Year 1 and 2.
264 | The Sims 3: Create the perfect world with full customization at your fingertips. Refine personalities and help fulfill destinies.
265 | A global hit RPG that captured the Summoners all around the world! Jump into the Sky Arena, a world under battle over the vital resource: Mana Crystals. Design your own deck and strategy using 1,000 Monsters to claim victory. Go on an epic adventure with your Monsters!
266 | Two larger-than-life heroes, Ichiban Kasuga and Kazuma Kiryu are brought together by the hand of fate, or perhaps something more sinister… Live it up in Japan and explore all that Hawaii has to offer in an RPG adventure so big it spans the Pacific.
267 | An unforgiving hardcore fantasy FPS dungeon PvPvE adventure. Band together with your friends and use your courage, wits, and cunning to uncover mythical treasures, defeat gruesome monsters, while staying one step ahead of the other devious treasure-hunters.
268 | Build and design the terrain while defending your stronghold against alien invasion in this unique Roguelike tower defense. Choose from 30 heroes, survive enemy waves, and upgrade a variety of destructive towers to hold the line!
269 | Film your friends doing scary things to become SpöökTube famous! (strongly advised to not go alone)
270 | The popular stylish action games Devil May Cry, Devil May Cry 2, and Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition return in one collection!
271 | Sky: Children of the Light is a peaceful, award-winning MMO from the creators of Journey. Explore a beautifully-animated kingdom across seven realms and create enriching memories with other players in this delightful puzzle-adventure game.
272 | Embark on a cozy open-world adventure filled with vast landscape, mystical puzzles and unexpected platforming challenges. Dress up not just for style, but to unravel hidden mysteries, interact with a vibrant environment, and experience the freedom to explore at your own pace.
273 | In Enlisted, you are not only commanding a single soldier, but an entire squad! This MMO squad based shooter recreates the key battles of the bloodiest war of the 20th century, with hundreds of soldiers, tanks and aircraft taking part in each battle.
274 | Project Werewulf is a 3D third person adult survival horror game with a female protagonist. Story driven linear gameplay with semi-open world elements.
275 | White Knuckle is a first-person roguelite speed-climbing game. Ascend through the guts of SUB-STRUCTURE 17 using precision movement mechanics. Sharp reflexes and resource management will bring you out from under ten thousand meters of concrete and decay.
276 | Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue-like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion, Transistor, and Pyre.
277 | Fight alone or with friends in For Honor, a third-person hero-based melee fighting game. Enter the chaos of war as a Knight, a Viking, a Samurai, a Wu Lin, or an Outlander. Fight in brutal PvP and team-oriented modes, or play the thrilling story campaign.
278 | Starfield is the first new universe in 25 years from Bethesda Game Studios, the award-winning creators of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and Fallout 4.
279 | Thrilling space battles meet deep strategy. X4 invites you to explore, fight, trade, and build an empire in a dynamic, fully simulated space sandbox, where every decision shapes your journey. Now featuring the 2025 flight model overhaul.
280 | 26 years on, a brand-new entry in the Fatal Fury series is set to arrive on the scene! FATAL FURY: City of the Wolves features a unique art style that stimulates the senses and an innovative REV System that supercharges the excitement. Here, at long last, a new legend is about to unfold…
281 | Pushing the boundaries of what fans have come to expect from the record-setting entertainment franchise, Call of Duty®: Black Ops II propels players into a near future Cold War
282 | A dystopian simulator where your choices shape a decaying city. Join other players to protect the metropolis from ruin, hasten its downfall, or simply work in the factories. With no set goals or rules, every action has consequences in a world teetering on the brink.
283 | As the lone survivor of a passenger jet crash, you find yourself in a mysterious forest battling to stay alive against a society of cannibalistic mutants. Build, explore, survive in this terrifying first person survival horror simulator.
284 | An online and local party game of teamwork and betrayal for 4-15 players...in space!
285 | MX Bikes is a realistic motocross simulator, based on a scratch built physics engine that accurately simulates motorcycle dynamics and setup options.
286 | Chart a course in a breathtaking, but fractured world. Explore ancient ruins, master advanced technology, and craft your very own skyship to brave nature’s fury and colossal threats in Lost Skies. Team up with friends or go it alone in this awe-inspiring cooperative survival adventure.
287 | Become a mighty demigod and battle through a decimated Tokyo in a war between angels and demons. Make new allies along your journey, engage in intense, turn-based combat, recruit hundreds of demons and forge your own path to dictate the fate of all existence.
288 | A dark fantasy city builder where you must rebuild civilization in the face of apocalyptic rains. As the Queen’s Viceroy, lead humans, beavers, lizards, foxes, and harpies to reclaim the wilderness and secure a future for civilization's last survivors.
289 | DAVE THE DIVER is a casual, singleplayer adventure RPG featuring deep-sea exploration and fishing during the day and sushi restaurant management at night. Join Dave and his quirky friends as they seek to uncover the secrets of the mysterious Blue Hole.
290 | Embark on an over-the-top, modern-day pirate adventure with an ex-yakuza, now pirate captain & his crew. Engage in exhilarating combat on land and sea in the hunt for lost memories and treasure.
291 | Gray Zone Warfare challenges you with the first open-world extraction shooter emphasizing realism. Deploy with a Private Military Company, survive high-stakes PvEvP or PvE MMO battles against human operators and AI enemies, unravel Lamang island’s mysteries, and thrive through hard-earned progress.
292 | A strategy/action RPG. Create a character, engage in diplomacy, craft, trade and conquer new lands in a vast medieval sandbox. Raise armies to lead into battle and command and fight alongside your troops in massive real-time battles using a deep but intuitive skill-based combat system.
293 | Write on! Defend the books in Vellum, a co-op, literary roguelike! Harness class-defining colors, master an inspired spellbook, and influence the growth of your enemy! As a group or solo, you'll craft plot-twisting builds to rewrite the rules in Ink!
294 | Dive into this multiplayer online experience set in a sketchy bar where the games are as dangerous as the patrons. Join a table of 4 and test your skills in Liar's Dice and Liar's Deck, where lying and bluffing are key to victory. Ready for a night at Liar's Bar?
295 | Ready the Peashooters and prepare for the craziest, funniest shooter in the universe: Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2.
296 | The throne sits empty after the king’s assassination. With no heirs, the will of the late king decrees that the next monarch will be elected by the people, & thus begins your fight for the throne..
297 | Skin Deep is an immersive first-person shooter. We got sneezing. We got things getting stuck in your feet. Stalk through a vast non-linear starship and sneak, subvert, and sabotage to survive in this stellar sandbox. You're outnumbered, outgunned, and have no shoes. Welcome to Skin Deep!
298 | MARVEL SNAP is a fast-paced Collectible Card Game that reimagines the genre with innovative mechanics. Winner of multiple awards like 'Best Strategy Game' and 'Breakthrough Game of the Year,' we invite you to join millions of players worldwide – Jump right in!
299 | El Presidente is back! Prove yourself once again as a feared dictator or peace-loving statesman on the island state of Tropico and shape the fate of your very own banana republic through four distinctive eras.
300 | Fishing Planet® is a free-to-play and highly realistic first-person online multiplayer fishing simulator. Developed by avid fishing enthusiasts to bring you the full thrill of actual angling on your PC.
301 | Blade & Sorcery is a built-for-VR medieval fantasy with full physics driven melee, ranged and magic combat. Become a powerful warrior, ranger or sorcerer and devastate your enemies.
302 | Paradox Development Studio invites you to build your ideal society in the tumult of the exciting and transformative 19th century. Balance the competing interests in your society and earn your place in the sun in Victoria 3, one of the most anticipated games in Paradox’s history.
303 | Mow down thousands of night creatures and survive until dawn! Vampire Survivors is a gothic horror casual game with rogue-lite elements, where your choices can allow you to quickly snowball against the hundreds of monsters that get thrown at you.
304 | Run, jump, and climb using only your hands. Play tag or infection with people online. Run away from the infected players, or outmaneuver the survivors to catch them. Embrace your inner ape.
305 | Tiny Glade is a small diorama builder where you doodle whimsical castles, cozy cottages & romantic ruins. Explore gridless building chemistry as the game adorns your glades with procedural detail. No management, combat or goals: just kick back and turn forgotten meadows into lovable dioramas.
306 | In Marvel’s Spider-Man Remastered, the worlds of Peter Parker and Spider-Man collide in an original action-packed story. Play as an experienced Peter Parker, fighting big crime and iconic villains in Marvel’s New York. Web-swing through vibrant neighborhoods and defeat villains with epic takedowns.
307 | Anno 1800™ – Lead the Industrial Revolution! Welcome to the dawn of the Industrial Age. The path you choose will define your world. Are you an innovator or an exploiter? A conqueror or a liberator? How the world remembers your name is up to you.
308 | Uncover one of history’s greatest mysteries in a first-person, single-player adventure. The year is 1937, sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power connected to the Great Circle, and only one person can stop them - Indiana Jones™.
309 | The original shooter-looter returns, packing bazillions of guns and a mayhem-fueled adventure! Blast through new worlds and enemies as one of four new Vault Hunters.
310 | Create, customize and command your battle wagon to conquer crazed enemy factions and save innocent survivors scattered throughout the lawless Badlands in the aftermath of a devastating apocalypse. Do you have what it takes to Build, Evolve and Fight to survive?
311 | Start your own cult in a land of false prophets, venturing out into diverse and mysterious regions to build a loyal community of woodland Followers and spread your Word to become the one true cult.
312 | Make movies, even if someone has to die. Take the helm of a major Hollywood studio at the dawn of sound cinema, and guide it through decades of creative achievements and glamor, debauchery and dark deeds, tough choices and unpleasant compromises.
313 | The dead have risen and civilization has fallen. Now it's up to you to gather survivors, scavenge for resources and build a community in a post-apocalyptic world – a world where you define what it means to survive in this ultimate zombie survival simulation.
314 | Become a Ghost, fighting against a rogue spec ops faction called the Wolves, in the latest Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon®!
315 | Escape Reality. The ultimate multiplayer parkour experience. Escape, race, and explore the streets and rooftops of London’s Isle of Dogs. Join team STORROR to save your estate, or challenge your friends to test their skills. STORROR Parkour Pro is complete control and freedom of movement.
316 | Prepare the perfect heist in this simulated and fully destructible voxel world. Tear down walls with vehicles or explosives to create shortcuts. Stack objects to reach higher. Use the environment to your advantage in the most creative way you can think of.
317 | Experience a thrilling action RPG set on the supernatural island of Aeternum. Forge your destiny on an adventure filled with danger and opportunity.
318 | Beat Saber is a VR rhythm game where you slash the beats of adrenaline-pumping music as they fly towards you, surrounded by a futuristic world.
319 | Shadow the Hedgehog is back with Classic and Modern Sonic in SONIC X SHADOW GENERATIONS, an all-new collection featuring two unique experiences!
320 | Respawn Entertainment gives you the most advanced titan technology in its new, single player campaign & multiplayer experience. Combine & conquer with new titans & pilots, deadlier weapons, & customization and progression systems that help you and your titan flow as one unstoppable killing force.
321 | Get ready for a Waterworld-themed survival game with modular base building, sunken city scavenging, crafting, base defense, and invasions of NPC clans for resources and territory. Ready for the water apocalypse?
322 | Experience the first-ever open world Star Wars™ game and explore distinct locations across the galaxy, both iconic and new. Risk it all as scoundrel Kay Vess, seeking freedom and the means to start a new life.
323 | You're here to slay the princess. Don't believe her lies.
324 | Expand your empire, advance your culture and go head-to-head against history’s greatest leaders. Will your civilization stand the test of time?
325 | Hustle by day and risk it all at night in Need for Speed™ Heat Deluxe Edition, a white-knuckle street racer, where the lines of the law fade as the sun starts to set.
326 | Squad is a tactical FPS that provides authentic combat experiences through teamwork, communication, and realistic combat. It bridges the gap between arcade shooter and military realism with 100-player battles, combined-arms warfare, and base building.
327 | Foxhole is a massively multiplayer game where thousands of players shape the outcome of a persistent online war. Every individual soldier is a player that contributes to the war effort through logistics, base building, reconnaissance, combat, and more.
328 | Barony is the premier first-person roguelike with cooperative play! Adventure alone, or gather a party with iconic and unusual RPG classes to face off against the brutal dungeons. Test your resourcefulness, wits, and friendships, on your quest to lift the evil lich's curse!
329 | From the depths of hell, climb chained to your friends through diverse worlds. Solo or co-op, try to reach the summit and discover what awaits you there...
330 | Realistic, immersive, breathtaking. WARNO is the ultimate World War III battle simulator from the masters of strategy, Eugen Systems. A Cold War turns decisively hot as you command hundreds of units on a beautiful and brutal battlefield. Outsmart, outfight, and lead your forces to total victory.
331 | Aimlabs is the aim trainer of choice for over 40 Million players, from beginners to esports pros. Our unique aim analysis optimizes your gameplay, targets your weaknesses & builds key skills for any FPS game! Time to warm up with our unlimited scenarios & rank up in-game!
332 | The deepest, most intricate simulation of a world that's ever been created. The legendary Dwarf Fortress is now on Steam. Build a fortress and try to help your dwarves survive against a deeply generated world.
333 | Take center stage in Hatsune Miku’s premier rhythm game starring the world’s #1 virtual pop star! With a stunner setlist and enormous wardrobe to style, it’s Miku’s ultimate tour—all it needs is you.
334 | An atmospheric management RPG about life on the open road. Pick up hitchhikers, work odd jobs, customize and repair your car, and map your route across the country. Use upgrades, skills and items to overcome challenges. And remember to take it easy. You’re young. You have time.
335 | Survivors-like with ONLINE CO-OP for 1-4 players. Team up with your wizard friends to slay hordes of dark creatures. Complete team-based objectives, unlock new upgrades and create overpowered spell synergies. Friend nor foe is safe in this friendly fire bullet hell!
336 | War Robots is an online third-person 6v6 PvP shooter—we’re talking dozens of combat robots, hundreds of weapons combinations, and heated clan battles.
337 | Play through all nine Skywalker saga films in a game unlike any other. With over 300 playable characters, over 100 vehicles, and 23 planets to explore, a galaxy far, far away has never been more fun! *Includes classic Obi-Wan Kenobi playable character
338 | Lay claim to unspoiled lands and pave the way for a fierce Viking tribe. Craft the ultimate settlement solo or together with up to x3 friends. Trust in the Gods and the power of the Eye of Odin and summon intelligent NPC villagers to provide camaraderie and relief from the toils of survival.
339 | The cutting-edge 2D/3D hybrid graphics pioneered in the Guilty Gear series have been raised to the next level in “GUILTY GEAR -STRIVE-“. The new artistic direction and improved character animations will go beyond anything you’ve seen before in a fighting game!
340 | Be the leader of wobblers from ancient lands, spooky places, and fantasy worlds. Watch them fight in simulations made with the wobbliest physics system ever created, make your own wobblers in the unit creator and send your army off to fight your friends in multiplayer.
341 | We fused card games and roguelikes together to make the best single player deckbuilder we could. Craft a unique deck, encounter bizarre creatures, discover relics of immense power, and Slay the Spire!
342 | Oxygen Not Included is a space-colony simulation game. Deep inside an alien space rock your industrious crew will need to master science, overcome strange new lifeforms, and harness incredible space tech to survive, and possibly, thrive.
343 | The Sultan commands you to play a cruel game. Each week you draw a card, and have to complete its challenge within seven days. Forced to make dreadful choices to beat the Sultan’s Game and save your own life, you will have to find a way to survive not just the Game, but its consequences too.
344 | Company of Heroes 3 combines heart-pounding combat with deeper strategic choices in a stunning Mediterranean theatre of war. In Company of Heroes 3, every battle tells a story...what's yours?
345 | You must stay alive in this horror/puzzle adventure. Try to survive the vengeful toys waiting for you in the abandoned toy factory. Use your GrabPack to hack electrical circuits or nab anything from afar. Explore the mysterious facility... and don't get caught.
346 | Hell’s armies have invaded Earth. Become the Slayer in an epic single-player campaign to conquer demons across dimensions and stop the final destruction of humanity. The only thing they fear... is you.
347 | Design stunning hospitals, cure peculiar illnesses and manage troublesome staff as you spread your budding healthcare organisation across Two Point County.
348 | Enemies are coming! Every decision matters: build your city, grow the economy, and prepare for enemy waves. Strengthen your defenses, adapt your strategy, and unleash your hero’s full potential. This unique Tower Defense will test your skills – are you worthy to claim a place at Valhalla?
"349 | Reverse: 1999 is a 20th Century Time-Travel Strategic RPG developed by Bluepoch. As the Timekeeper, the observer of eras, you will embark on a journey across time and space, from the Roaring '20s to the turn of the millennium, uncovering the truth about the ""Storm"" and the mystery of the year 1999."
350 | Join the world’s greatest fellowship of players in the award-winning online re-creation of J. R. R. Tolkien’s legendary Middle-earth.
351 | Emperor Edition is the definitive edition of ROME II, featuring an improved politics system, overhauled building chains, rebalanced battles and improved visuals in both campaign and battleEmperor Edition contains all free feature updates since its release in 2013, which includes bug fixes, balancing, Twitch.
352 | Awaken the blade within you and reverse your fate in BLEACH Rebirth of Souls! Engage in thrilling battles with powerful sword abilities and characters from this legendary anime franchise.
353 | No Man's Sky is a game about exploration and survival in an infinite procedurally generated universe.
354 | House Flipper is a unique chance to become a one-man renovation crew. Buy, repair and remodel devastated houses. Give them a second life and sell them at a profit!
355 | Strategy gaming perfected. A breath-taking campaign of exploration, expansion and conquest across a fantasy world. Turn-based civilisation management and real-time epic strategy battles with thousands of troops and monsters at your command.
356 | Deck of Haunts invites you to become a malevolent Haunted House. Lure humans into your cursed halls, manipulate their fears, and drain their essence to grow your power. Use strategy to build your mansion and expand your dark influence, turning your home into a terrifying, inescapable nightmare.
357 | You are a nomadic slugcat, both predator and prey in a broken ecosystem. Grab your spear and brave the industrial wastes, hunting enough food to survive, but be wary— other, bigger creatures have the same plan... and slugcats look delicious.
358 | UNDERTALE! The RPG game where you don't have to destroy anyone.
359 | A casual heavy equipment experience. Mine ore, Move dirt, Build and repair.
360 | Experience Sonic like never before!
361 | Ratopia is a new game that has combined elements of both strategic survival and city building. With plenty of content available, and more planned, enjoy a vast world to adventure and populate with citizens! Build your own economical system to sustain your ideal city of Ratopia.
362 | ALARM! You have been selected for a mission which will shape the fate of the entire world. Witness the very beginning of the legendary elite WWII force in Commandos: Origins. The long-awaited sequel to the Commandos series brings you right back to the foundation of the real-time tactics genre.
363 | Palia is a vibrant new world made just for you. Craft, cook, fish, and farm with friends as you live the life of your dreams and discover an enchanting adventure filled with colorful characters and a mystery to unravel.
364 | Get ready for a thrilling mix of genres: a cooperative, first-person, open-world fantasy tavern simulator, action, fishing, hunting, exploration, and completing fun and diverse quests. And, of course, COOKING! Play with friends, feed and quench the thirst of the entire world!
365 | Co-op horror game where you play in teams of 1 to 8 reckless journalists, ready to explore a city overrun by deadly creatures to snap spectacular footage. Your only goal: make the headlines without becoming one.
366 | 7 Days to Die is an open-world game that is a unique combination of first-person shooter, survival horror, tower defense, and role-playing games. Play the definitive zombie survival sandbox RPG that came first. Navezgane awaits!
367 | A first-person survival game set on a post-apocalyptic, ecologically ruined Earth. Play solo or with up to 3 friends as you build, upgrade, and fly a high-tech airship. Scavenge resources, craft tools, and face dangers on the surface as you hunt for a cure to save humanity.
368 | Play as one of the bidders for abandoned warehouses and uncover hidden treasures! Storage Hunter is a garage auction simulation game. Bid, win, and sell for profit! Become the king of storage auction.
369 | Design and build fortresses brick by brick to stand against endless hordes of Horrors in this real-time strategy game with resource management, siege defense, and exploration. Lead from the ramparts, push back the darkness, and hold fast against the creatures of the Mist.
370 | Witchfire is a first-person dark fantasy RPG shooter in which you play as a wicked sinner turned witch hunter on his final mission to reach salvation.
371 | Detroit: Become Human puts the destiny of both mankind and androids in your hands, taking you to a near future where machines have become more intelligent than humans. Every choice you make affects the outcome of the game, with one of the most intricately branching narratives ever created.
372 | A minimalist game about digging a hole in the garden of a newly purchased house. Collect resources, sell them, upgrade your equipment and discover a mysterious secret. Costs you only one coffee!
373 | Fight, Farm, Build and Explore Together in the standalone multiplayer expansion to the uncompromising wilderness survival game, Don't Starve.
374 | First-person puzzler you can play solo or in an online co-op. Explore a set of highly interactive escape rooms. Move furniture, pick up and examine everything, smash pots and break locks! Play thousands of community-made rooms through the level editor.
"375 | The upgraded prequel of NieR:Automata. A kind young man sets out with Grimoire Weiss, a strange talking book, to search for the ""Sealed verses"" in order to save his sister Yonah, who fell terminally ill to the Black Scrawl."
376 | Set in the zombie apocalypse, Left 4 Dead 2 (L4D2) is the highly anticipated sequel to the award-winning Left 4 Dead, the #1 co-op game of 2008. This co-operative action horror FPS takes you and your friends through the cities, swamps and cemeteries of the Deep South, from Savannah to New Orleans across five expansive campaigns.
377 | Void Crew is a Chaotic, Co-op Roguelite game for 1 to 6 players: Outfit your spaceship and crew for thrilling quests, brave fierce enemies in Space Battles... and try not to panic!
378 | The Ultimate Vault Hunter’s Upgrade lets you get the most out of the Borderlands 2 experience.
379 | Albion Online is a fantasy sandbox MMORPG featuring a player-driven economy, classless combat system, and intense PvP battles. Explore a vast open world full of danger and opportunity. Grow your wealth, forge alliances, and leave your mark on the world of Albion.
380 | Half-Life: Alyx is Valve’s VR return to the Half-Life series. It’s the story of an impossible fight against a vicious alien race known as the Combine, set between the events of Half-Life and Half-Life 2. Playing as Alyx Vance, you are humanity’s only chance for survival.
381 | Dust off your torch and hammer - it's time to get back to work, you have a new job to do. Visit the new beach coast with the largest, biggest ship graveyard in the world, dismantle huge ship parts and collect tons of precious steel. Roll up your sleeves, it's time to get back to the business.
382 | Crossout - the postapocalyptic MMO action game where you can create a unique design for an armoured vehicle from dozens of parts and then drive it into multiplayer battles raging on land and in the skies alike.
383 | The smash-hit stylish action game DMC4 is back and better than ever, boasting new playable characters and game modes!
384 | A coming of age story that sets the protagonist and his friends on a journey kickstarted by a chain of serial murders.
385 | The Stanley Parable: Ultra Deluxe is an expanded re-imagining of 2013's The Stanley Parable. You will play as Stanley, and you will not play as Stanley. You will make a choice, and you will become powerless. You are not here to win. The Stanley Parable is a game that plays you.
386 | Battle for galactic dominance in this real-time 4X strategy game with unrivaled scale! You’ll explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate through military force, diplomacy, trade, culture, influence, and other underhanded tactics.
387 | Establish and expand your own settlements, liberate the land and assist its villagers, and recruit others to your cause while learning more about a life you had to leave behind. Command your forces, prove your valor through combat, and cement yourself as the hero of your people.
388 | Start your own diecast store! Unbox surprise car packs, expand your collection, oin exciting races with customers on the tracks, and play online trading games. A world full of speed and excitement is waiting for you in your store!
389 | Conqueror's Blade gives you a chance to be a true warlord. Commanding medieval troops in epic 15 vs. 15 siege battles, conquering cities with allies in the open world or fighting against players from all over the world – it's you who make the choice.
390 | KIBORG is a relentless rogue-lite beat’em up where you enhance your body with new cybernetic implants each run. You’ve been sent to the worst prison in the galaxy for crimes you didn’t commit. Death won’t provide an escape, but a violent reality show may offer a way out.
391 | Build the university of your dreams with Two Point Campus, the sim with a twist from the makers of Two Point Hospital. Build, hire staff and run an academic institution packed with wild courses.
392 | A grand adventure in the skies awaits! Form a party of four from a diverse roster of skyfarers and slash—or shoot or hex—your way to victory against treacherous foes in this action RPG. Take on quests solo or with the help of others in up to 4-player co-op play!
393 | Humans are long gone. In a world struck by droughts and toxic waste, will your lumberpunk beavers do any better? A city-building game featuring ingenious animals, vertical architecture, water physics, and terraforming. Contains high amounts of wood.
394 | Experience the BAFTA award-winning story of Life is Strange now beautifully remastered with enhanced visuals and vastly improved animation using mocap technology.
395 | The NecroDancer's back in an all-new rhythm game! Dragged into a strange new world, Cadence must engage in musical combat with monsters surging through the Rift! Face pulse-pounding Rhythm Rifts where every beat is a battle, all set to an original soundtrack by Danny Baranowsky & friends.
396 | Join an experience where each revolution takes you further into the unknown! Revolution Idle challenges you to multiply your accumulators to reach unimaginable heights. Will you manage to reach infinity?
397 | DRAGON BALL: Sparking! ZERO takes the legendary gameplay of the Budokai Tenkaichi series and raises it to whole new levels. Make yours the destructive power of the strongest fighters ever to appear in Dragon Ball!
398 | Take the helm as a new Station Commander and exploit an alien star system in this stunning space-station factory automation game. Amass resources and construct starships using increasingly advanced manufacturing and expand your station in a hostile universe.
399 | ICARUS is a PvE survival game for up to eight players. Explore a savage wilderness in the aftermath of terraforming gone wrong. Survive the Open World, complete timed Missions or build your Outpost. Explore, build, craft and hunt while seeking your fortune and prospecting for exotic matter.
400 | Welcome to Vegas. New Vegas. Enjoy your stay!
401 | Humanity is fighting a losing battle against the virus. Experience a post-apocalyptic open world overrun by hordes of zombies, where your parkour and combat skills are key to survival. Traverse the City freely during the day, but watch the monsters take over during the night.
402 | Embark on a co-op survival journey for 1-5 players through a post-apocalyptic Lovecraftian world! Command and evolve a living, monstrous train, craft weapons, build a mobile base, gain powers, and face the Great Old Ones. Explore an ever-changing world, hold on to your sanity, and ascend to godhood!
403 | Continue the adventures of Beatrix LeBeau as she journeys across the Slime Sea to Rainbow Island, a land brimming with ancient mysteries, and bursting with wiggly, new slimes to wrangle in this sequel to the smash-hit, Slime Rancher.
404 | Welcome to LoveCraft - home to interesting people, hot parties, exploration and fulfilling relationships! Create your world, from a unique persona to your exciting adventures.
405 | Drive massive trains and build your career in a vast open railway network. For both PC and VR.
406 | Embrace unrivaled destruction in Battlefield 4™. Revel in the glorious chaos of all-out war packed with rewarding, tactical challenges in an interactive environment.
407 | Insurgency: Sandstorm is a team-based, tactical FPS based on lethal close quarters combat and objective-oriented multiplayer gameplay. Experience the intensity of modern combat where skill is rewarded, and teamwork wins the fight.
408 | Rise to the challenge and join the hunt! In Monster Hunter Rise, the latest installment in the award-winning and top-selling Monster Hunter series, you’ll become a hunter, explore brand new maps and use a variety of weapons to take down fearsome monsters as part of an all-new storyline.
409 | A vast world awaits in the medieval, dark fantasy action-RPG, Lords of the Fallen. As a fabled Dark Crusader, embark on an epic quest to overthrow Adyr, the demon God. The definitive Version 2.0 out now: features Shared Progression Co-op & Free Friend’s Pass.
410 | From the lead designer of Cold Waters, Sea Power lets you control NATO and Warsaw Pact forces in modern naval conflict campaigns. Use your advanced naval weaponry and sensors to respect rules of engagement and defeat the enemy forces in a tense fight for initiative and air/naval supremacy.
411 | Welcome to Little London! Little Sim World is a cosy 2D life sim set in the heart of a little city full of charm, dreams, and surprises. Design your perfect home, meet quirky locals, build your routine, and live life at your own pace. A gentle world, a fresh start, and a story only you can write!
412 | Rule your crumbling kingdom as you try to satisfy the petty needs of your people in this cinematic kingdom management RPG. Balance your resources, collect taxes, hire agents and make difficult decisions to see your kingdom prosper or fail.
413 | The critically acclaimed RPG that raised the bar, from the creators of Baldur's Gate 3. Gather your party. Master deep, tactical combat. Venture as a party of up to four - but know that only one of you will have the chance to become a God.
"414 | Memoriapolis invites you to construct a city that spans 2,500 years of history, from Antiquity to the Industrial Revolution. Choose your culture, manage resources, face historical events, build ""Wonders"" to achieve ""the Collection"" and leave your mark in history!"
415 | Assassin’s Creed® Unity tells the story of Arno, a young man who embarks upon an extraordinary journey to expose the true powers behind the French Revolution. In the brand new co-op mode, you and your friends will also be thrown in the middle of a ruthless struggle for the fate of a nation.
416 | Why have friends if not to play Golf... With Your Friends! Nothing is out of bounds as you take on courses filled with fast paced, exciting, simultaneous mini golf for up to 12 players!
417 | First-person action survival game set in a post-apocalyptic open world overrun by flesh-hungry zombies. Roam a city devastated by a mysterious virus epidemic. Scavenge for supplies, craft weapons, and face hordes of the infected.
418 | Welcome to a new world! In Monster Hunter: World, the latest installment in the series, you can enjoy the ultimate hunting experience, using everything at your disposal to hunt monsters in a new world teeming with surprises and excitement.
419 | Lost, alone and separated from family, a stray cat must untangle an ancient mystery to escape a long-forgotten cybercity and find their way home.
420 | The Walking Dead: The Telltale Definitive Series contains all 4 Seasons, 400 Days, and The Walking Dead: Michonne, which includes over 50 hours of gameplay across 23 unique episodes.
421 | Rev up your engine and get ready to hit the track with RIDE 5. An adrenaline-filled gaming experience that is so authentic it will make you feel like you're truly racing at break-neck speed.
422 | Build the ultimate vehicle and explore a vast open world filled with challenges and adventure. Play solo or team up with friends in multiplayer to conquer the toughest obstacles. With a thrilling campaign mode and endless creative possibilities, Trailmakers is the ultimate sandbox for adventurers.
423 | Become the legendary part man, part machine, all cop hero and deliver justice in Old Detroit.
424 | When Max Caulfield finds her friend Safi dead in the snow, she tears open the way to a parallel timeline. Here, Safi is still alive - and still in danger! With her new power to Shift between two timelines – can Max solve and prevent the same murder?
425 | Become the best thief. Gather intel, steal things and sell them to buy hi-tech equipment. Do everything that a real thief does.
426 | Build your base on a moving Machine, travel through biomes with different resources, and prepare for the night when a zombie threat is much higher than during the day. Would you go solo or explore this new world with your best friends?
427 | Join a world where you design, create and pilot your own air sea rescue service. Release your inner hero as you battle fierce storms out at sea to rescue those in need.
428 | His vengeance against the Gods of Olympus years behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the realm of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same.
429 | PUBLISHER UPDATE - This is the product page for The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Game of the Year Edition, released in 2009. ---The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion® Game of the Year Edition presents one of the best RPGs of all time like never before. Step inside the most richly detailed and vibrant game-world ever created.
430 | Battle Brothers is a turn based tactical RPG which has you leading a mercenary company in a gritty, low-power, medieval fantasy world. You decide where to go, whom to hire or to fight, what contracts to take and how to train and equip your men in a procedurally generated open world campaign.
431 | VTOL VR is a near-futuristic combat flight game built for Virtual Reality. Pilot advanced multi-role jets, using your hands to flip switches, press buttons, and manipulate the virtual flight controls.
432 | Ready for the transformation of neglected rooms? Ensure customer satisfaction, renovate interiors, design entertainment spaces! Manage your motel in your own style and provide travelers with unforgettable experiences!
433 | Start your new life! Build the farm of your dreams as you discover a world brimming with possibilities. Magic, romance, and adventure all await you in this nostalgic farming / life sim RPG!
434 | No More Room in Hell 2 is a terrifying 8 player co-op action horror experience. Find your friends in the dark and survive - in a dynamic, endlessly replayable zombie apocalypse.
435 | The award-winning series returns as Karl Fairburne fights to uncover Project Kraken in 1944 France. The genre-defining authentic sniping, with enhanced kill cam, has never looked or felt better as you fight across immersive maps to stop the Nazi war machine in its tracks.
436 | Urbek is a city building game where you can build your own neighbourhoods: from nightlife district to industrial district. Don't exhaust your natural resources before you have an educated population to build more efficient structures.
437 | Intravenous 2 is the ultimate blend of tactical gameplay and immersive storytelling. Will you embrace the shadows or confront your foes head-on? The choice is yours. Experience a new era of tactical stealth action. Save lives. Uncover secrets. Take vengeance.
"438 | Pick your favorite character, team up and fight to be the last ones standing in the new 24-player Battle Royale free to play game ""MY HERO ULTRA RUMBLE""!"
439 | Mortal Kombat is back and better than ever in the next evolution of the iconic franchise.
440 | This game is a brand-new entry in the OCTOPATH TRAVELER series, the first installment of which was initially released in 2018 and sold over 3 million copies worldwide.
441 | Choose any real region from the world. Choose your base of operations, then rebuild and readapt the buildings around you to create a self-sustaining settlement. Take charge of a group of survivors from your city. And when the night falls - Defend the zone from the infected!
442 | Verroa is a peaceful continent on the brink of war as the Asverellian Empire seeks to expand - at your homeland’s expense. Command unlikely heroes, fight challenging turn-based battles, and watch hardship forge iron into steel. Dark Deity is back, bigger and better than before!
443 | Face the supernatural dangers of the Olympic Exclusion Zone with a car as your only lifeline in this driving survival adventure! Scavenge resources, load up your trusty station wagon, and drive like hell to make it through alive.
444 | Aeons Echo offers a captivating role-playing adventure where sexy goddesses meet lewd mythology in a cyber-futuristic world. On your mission to save Zeus, you'll encounter kinky girls, steamy scenes, dating sim elements, interactive features, and diverse gameplay modes.
445 | Explore a vast cavern of creatures, relics and resources in a mining sandbox adventure for 1-8 players. Mine, build, fight, craft and farm to unravel the mystery of the ancient Core.
446 | Welcome to the Club! Grab the wheel and play Trackmania® for FREE now.
447 | Play the critically acclaimed masterpiece. Embark on a new journey in a vast, exotic world where you’ll encounter towering enemies and challenging puzzles on your quest to unravel Ori’s destiny.
448 | SCP: 5K is a co-op or singleplayer tactical horror FPS project that puts players in the midst of a conspiracy where the SCP Foundation has turned on humanity. Enjoy Early Access as we continue to work towards a completed full release of the project!
449 | Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration includes the base game and Season Pass featuring all-new content. Explore Croft Manor in the new “Blood Ties” story, then defend it against a zombie invasion in “Lara’s Nightmare”.
450 | PAYDAY 2 is an action-packed, four-player co-op shooter that once again lets gamers don the masks of the original PAYDAY crew - Dallas, Hoxton, Wolf and Chains - as they descend on Washington DC for an epic crime spree.
451 | Fight your way through an exciting action-adventure game, inspired by classic dungeon crawlers and set in the Minecraft universe!
452 | Relive the most memorable moments from FFVII and experience the journey of a young hero Sephiroth in FINAL FANTASY VII EVER CRISIS.
453 | Take control of limitless power in Prehistoric Kingdom to build, manage and grow the ultimate zoo for extinct animals.
454 | Fight your friends as puppies, kittens and other fuzzy creatures in PARTY ANIMALS! Paw it out with your friends remotely, or huddle together for chaotic fun on the same screen. Interact with the world under our realistic physics engine. Did I mention PUPPIES?
455 | FINAL FANTASY X/X-2 HD Remaster celebrates two of the most cherished and beloved entries to the world-renowned franchise, completely remastered in gorgeous High Definition & now available on PC / Windows!
456 | No longer a New York City cop, Max Payne moves to São Paulo to protect a wealthy family in an effort to finally escape his troubled past. This complete edition of Max Payne 3 includes the complete original game and all previously released downloadable content.
457 | Game of Thrones Winter is Coming is a PC strategy game based on the HBO drama television series, officially licensed by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment under HBO, and developed and published by YOOZOO Games. Interactive Entertainment and HBO.
458 | Jump and fly your way through danger in this rhythm-based action platformer!
459 | Random generated open world semi-post apocalyptic survival car driving game.
460 | When a police officer discloses the murder of the student teacher who bullied his son to suicide, the twisted secrets of a Yokohama, high school bleed out. Nothing, in this case, is black and white.
461 | Phantasy Star Online 2 New Genesis is a free-to-play action MMO. Join players around the world to explore the planet Halpha and fight in epic battles as ARKS Defenders! Unleash your imagination with our ultimate character creation experience and creative spaces to create your own phantasy.
462 | Assassin’s Creed Valhalla is an action-adventure game in which you are a Viking warrior raised on tales of battle and glory. Explore a dynamic open world set in England’s Dark Ages. Raid your enemies and grow your settlement to earn your place among the gods in Valhalla.
463 | Welcome to Brighton! Join the police force of this fictitious American city and experience the day to day life of a police officer.
464 | Pummel Party is a 4-8 player online and local-multiplayer party game. Pummel friends or AI using a wide array of absurd items in the board mode and compete to destroy friendships in the unique collection of minigames.
465 | The game you know and love. For Windows 10/11. In The Sims 2, you direct your Sims over a lifetime. Give them a long existence or leave their lives in shambles. Guide their characteristics from one generation to the next.
466 | Interact with strange new worlds in a unique and tactile way, molding the environment itself as if it were clay in your hands. Build your base, master resource management, automate your production lines, and more as you unravel the mysteries of the universe, alone or with friends.
467 | Let's imagine that you have a game in which you care for a character. But could you imagine one day getting into that game yourself?
468 | Experience the epic Horizon Forbidden West™ in its entirety with bonus content and the Burning Shores expansion included. The Burning Shores add-on contains additional content for Aloy’s adventure, including new storylines, characters, and experiences in a stunning yet hazardous new area.
469 | Now includes all three premium DLC packs (Unto the Evil, Hell Followed, and Bloodfall), maps, modes, and weapons, as well as all feature updates including Arcade Mode, Photo Mode, and the latest Update 6.66, which brings further multiplayer improvements as well as revamps multiplayer progression.
470 | Chivalry 2 is a multiplayer first person slasher inspired by epic medieval movie battles. Players are thrust into the action of every iconic moment of the era - from clashing swords, to storms of flaming arrows, to sprawling castle sieges and more.
471 | Only the world’s most ruthless Warden can contain the world’s most ruthless inmates. Design and develop your personalized penitentiary in Prison Architect.
472 | It's 1955, and for unknown reasons, doppelgangers are more common than usual. Therefore, the Department of Doppelganger Detection (D.D.D.) has taken action. You are the doorman of an apartment complex, and you must decide whether to let in those who claim to be your neighbors.
473 | PUBLISHER UPDATE - This is the product page for The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Game of the Year Deluxe Edition, released in 2009.---The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion® Game of the Year Edition presents one of the best RPGs of all time like never before. Step inside the most richly detailed and vibrant game-world ever created.
474 | Take the journey, now in ultimate quality. Boasting a wealth of bonus content and supporting ultra high-resolution graphical options and HDR 10, you can now enjoy the beautiful and carefully-crafted experience of FINAL FANTASY XV like never before.
475 | Play Russian roulette with a 12-gauge shotgun. Four enter. One leaves. Roll the dice with your life. Good luck!
476 | Escape the Backrooms is a 1-4 player co-op horror exploration game. Traverse through eerie backrooms levels while avoiding entities and other danger to try and escape. Free content updates with new levels and game modes keep the community rewarded.
477 | Create & destroy on an unimaginable scale with a realistic physics-based space simulator. Explore the beauty of our universe and the fragility of our planet. Use science to bend the laws of gravity, collide planets, boil away oceans, fire epic space lasers, and customize your universe.
478 | Mini Settlers is a minimalistic city builder! Settle islands, construct cities, and design efficient logistic networks to fulfill your buildings' needs and fuel population growth to adventure into new worlds.
479 | Co-op horror (1-4 players). You are sent to explore a mysterious building at night. Find the Moon and try to return alive.
480 | FOR EVERY CHOICE, A CONSEQUENCE.Fully re-mastered with HD visuals and audio, Fable Anniversary is a stunning rendition of the original game that will delight faithful fans and new players alike! The all new Heroic difficulty setting will test the mettle of even the most hardcore Fable fan.
481 | Make your dream cars a reality with Automation’s unparalleled car and engine design tools. Gain a competitive edge through smart engineering and business decisions to help you build an automotive empire. Will you become an industry leader, or just a footnote in automotive history?
482 | Orcs Must Die! Deathtrap combines chaotic third-person combat with devious trap-laying strategy. Enjoy endless replayability as your War Mage grows stronger through roguelite progression. Repel relentless orc hordes solo or with up to 4 players.
483 | Live the life of a professional footballer both on and off the field. Train, play matches, manage your social life, climb the career ladder, and spend your earned money. Decorate your life with luxury while managing your relationships and finances.
484 | ERASE YOUR PAST TO PROTECT YOUR FUTURE Once a legendary yakuza, Kazuma Kiryu faked his own death and abandoned his name for the sake of protecting his family. Now, he is thrust into conflict by a mysterious figure attempting to drive him out of hiding.
"485 | ""Atelier Yumia"" is a story about “memory”. Explore the field to gather materials and synthesis items. The items you create can be key to advancing the story and can also be used in battles and exploration. Additionally, you can create your own base with “Building"" in the field."
"486 | In this game, meet a mysterious girl who demands you use the ""Anomalous Coffee Machine"" and create any drink you can imagine. Whether realistic, paradoxical, or impossible, she’s willing to sample whatever you create. However, she doesn't seem to like the cup of death. Why? Well, I think you know."
487 | Lead your team to glory in F1® Manager 2024. A new Formula 1® season has arrived, and with it, the most comprehensive F1® management experience to date. Build a legacy with one of 10 official F1® constructors or create your own team for the very first time.
"488 | Off to the next round! Experience a new omnibus simulator with OMSI 2 and start discovering Spandau while driving the omnibus. OMSI 2 is the successor of the well-known and awarded omnibus simulator ""OMSI - The Bus Simulator""."
489 | A genealogical mystery straight out of 1998. Scour the early Internet for clues, uncover hidden connections, and piece together the family tree behind the secretive Roottree Corporation.
490 | STALCRAFT: X is the largest open-world online game in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. Explore the world full of mutants and anomalies alone or with friends — unforgettable emotions guaranteed.
"491 | ""Just Shapes & Beats"" is a chaotic co-op musical bullet-hell based on three simple things: avoid Shapes, move to the kick-ass Beats, and die, repeatedly."
492 | Save Maidens and slay monsters in this boobastic retro shoot-em-up! No man can stop you. No demon can sway you. And no woman is outside your reach! Be... The ButtKnight!
493 | Embark on an exhilarating journey into the pixelated Realm of the Mad God! Join, an action-packed, free-to-play MMO bullet hell game. Discover a world with danger, challenges, and hidden treasures as you battle through waves of enemies. Team up with players and conquer dungeons to become a legend!
494 | The only survival crafting game set in the Fourth Age of Middle-earth™. Embark on an epic journey to reclaim the Dwarven homeland of Moria, and explore, craft, and build in procedurally generated worlds. Play as a solo adventurer, or join friends in co-op gameplay for up to 8 players.
495 | Barotrauma is a 2D co-op submarine simulator – in space, with survival horror and RPG elements. Steer your submarine, complete missions, fight monsters, fix leaks, operate machinery, man the guns and craft items, and stay alert: danger in Barotrauma doesn’t announce itself!
"496 | Scene Investigators is a hardcore deductive reasoning game for fans of the ""true crime"" genre. Step into re-created crime scenes, observe closely for pieces of evidence, analyze possible motives behind the crimes, and uncover what truly happened."
497 | The Forever Winter is a tactical shooter where you and your squad must loot the dead to survive under the shadow of terrifying and gargantuan war machines locked in a never-ending conflict. Millions of deaths later the war continues with our latest April update!
498 | Race to the top, definitely don’t flop. Outsmart the cops, and enter weekly qualifiers for The Grand: the ultimate street race. Pack your garage with precision-tuned, custom rides, and light up the streets with your style.
499 | A Beholder series spin-off. Become a conductor of the Determination Bringer train: monitor passengers, report incidents, and carry out important Ministry assignments — whose level of secrecy depends only on your loyalty. And remember: mission success is very important to you!
500 | Play as Nathan Drake and Chloe Frazer in their own standalone adventures as they confront their pasts and forge their own legacies. This game includes the critically acclaimed single-player stories from both UNCHARTED 4: A Thief’s End and UNCHARTED: The Lost Legacy.
"501 | The ""Perpetual Testing Initiative"" has been expanded to allow you to design co-op puzzles for you and your friends!"
"502 | The concept of this title, the latest in the series to depict a new ""Atelier"" world, is ""True-to-life youths that develop together, even if just a little bit""."
503 | GIRLS' FRONTLINE 2: EXILIUM is a Post-Apocalyptic Tactical RPG. Players take on the role of a commander who acts as a bounty hunter, leading a squad of tactical dolls through the contaminated zones. While accepting and completing various missions, players will face continuous waves of enemies.
"504 | Fear and isolation seep through the walls of an abandoned southern farmhouse. ""7"" marks a new beginning for survival horror with the “Isolated View” of the visceral new first-person perspective."
505 | Developed by FROM SOFTWARE, DARK SOULS™ II is the highly anticipated sequel to the gruelling 2011 breakout hit Dark Souls. The unique old-school action RPG experience captivated imaginations of gamers worldwide with incredible challenge and intense emotional reward.
506 | Call of Duty is back, redefining war like you've never experienced before. Building on the Call of Duty 4®: Modern Warfare engine, Call of Duty: World at War immerses players into the most gritty and chaotic WWII combat ever experienced.
507 | Pilot your fully customizable Arsenal mech and join your fellow mercenaries in defending humanity from the corrupted machines and gigantic robots in this post-apocalyptic action game!
508 | An Open World Survival Shooter blending hardcore PVP and PVE action. Secure precious loot in safe zones or build your own fortress in the wild. With intense gunfights, stunning visuals, and performance smooth enough for any system, the challenge awaits!
509 | Addictive turn-based empire-building with colossal, real-time battles, all set in a world of legendary heroes, giant monsters, flying creatures and storms of magical power.
510 | CarX Drift Racing Online is your chance to immerse yourself in the real world of drifting. Get together with friends, tune your car and burn some tires!
511 | Unleash your mind-controlling powers in this open-world visual novel. Build your harem, take over buildings, and slowly bring the town and its citizens under your influence. Shape destinies, forge relationships, and indulge in your desires in a world full of thrilling adventures.
512 | The five crew members of the Tulpar are stranded in the empty reaches of space, shrouded in perpetual sunset. God is not watching.
513 | Yuma, an amnesiac detective-in-training, and Shinigami, the spirit haunting him, tackle unsolved mysteries.
514 | Look Outside is a survival horror RPG set in a single apartment building. A mysterious event turns anyone who looks out the window into grotesque monsters, leaving the world in absolute chaos. Scavenge the building to seek food, supplies, and weapons while encountering strange characters.
515 | A new action game based on the concept of the ARMORED CORE series that uses the knowledge gained from FromSoftware's recent action game development.
516 | All roads lead to Horny Villa: a casual NSFW merger game featuring engaging mechanics, spicy erotic content and the hottest girls. Build the villa of your wettest dreams and cast sexy babes to join you for the ride. Grab your purple robe and pipe, and create the largest empire of debauchery!
"517 | Embark on an epic journey across war-torn 19th-century Japan in this open-world action RPG from Team NINJA, the veteran studio behind ""Nioh"" and ""NINJA GAIDEN."""
518 | Soar the skies in Aloft, the co-op sandbox survival game set in a world of floating islands. Build any island into a skyship, your home in the clouds. Find lost knowledge, cure the fungal corruption, and brave the hurricane to restore the ecosystem.
519 | Human Fall Flat is a hilarious, light-hearted platformer set in floating dreamscapes that can be played solo or with up to 8 players online. Free new levels keep its vibrant community rewarded.
520 | Develop, expand, and advance your city in a society survival game set 30 years after an apocalyptic blizzard ravaged Earth. In Frostpunk 2, you face not only the perils of never-ending winter, but also the powerful factions that watch your every step inside the Council Hall.
521 | After the events of Marvel’s Spider-Man Remastered, teenage Miles Morales is adjusting to his new home while following in the footsteps of his mentor, Peter Parker, as a new Spider-Man. When a fierce power struggle threatens to destroy his home, Miles must take up the mantle of Spider-Man and own it
522 | The year is 3015. The battlefields are dominated by war machines known as BattleMechs. Level entire cities and decimate the enemy in your BattleMech. Follow a quest for glory and revenge. Manage an expanding mercenary company. Fight alongside your friends with a four-player PvE co-op.
523 | The best retro fantasy MMORPG on the planet. Old School is RuneScape but… older! This is the open world you know and love, but as it was in 2007. Saying that, it’s even better than that – Old School is shaped by you, its players, with regular new content, fixes and expansions voted for by the fans!
524 | The best-selling first-person action series of all-time returns with an epic sequel to the multiple GOTY award winner Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 2
525 | HARD BULLET is a physics-based action game, where enemies flood the neon-lit city bringing destruction to its streets. Use slow-motion, a huge arsenal, and brutal combat to survive and unlock new weapons. Prepare for the next RIDE by mastering your skills in Sandbox and Arena modes.
526 | SWORN is a 1-4 player co-op action rogue-like. Explore and reclaim a fallen Camelot from the reign of a corrupted Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table.
527 | Create your farm and let the good times grow! Harvest crops, tend to animals, manage productions, and take on seasonal challenges.
528 | Ithya: Magic Study is a cozy background app combined with productivity tools. Customize your room and relax with lofi or fantasy playlists in beautiful, hand-drawn environments. Perfect for a focused or creative session in a magical world.
529 | Explore, fight, loot and fish! Solo or in co-op mode in this Old School First Person Dungeon Crawler. Earn your knighthood as you oppose the evil witch Lunamoth and stop her curse which prevents everyone from growing wings.
530 | Darkest Dungeon II is a roguelike road trip of the damned. Form a party, equip your stagecoach, and set off across the decaying landscape on a last gasp quest to avert the apocalypse. The greatest dangers you face, however, may come from within...
531 | Russian Fishing 4 is a fishing simulator with RPG elements. There is no story line and the whole process is based on the concept of an open, free to roam and free to play game.
532 | Experience survival horror like never before in the 8th major installment in the Resident Evil franchise - Resident Evil Village. With detailed graphics, intense first-person action and masterful storytelling, the terror has never felt more realistic.
533 | Ultra-Realistic Flight Simulation
534 | Against a darkening background of famine, disease and war, a new power is rising in the great steppes of the East. With a million horsemen at his back, the ultimate warrior king approaches, and his sights are set on Rome… The next instalment in the multi award-winning PC series that combines turn-based strategy with real-time tactics,...
535 | Dead Cells is a roguelite, metroidvania inspired, action-platformer. You'll explore a sprawling, ever-changing castle... assuming you’re able to fight your way past its keepers in 2D souls-lite combat. No checkpoints. Kill, die, learn, repeat.
536 | Build bridges, grow towers, terraform terrain, and fuel flying machines in the stunning followup to the multi-award winning World of Goo. The world is beautiful, dangerous, and evolving.
537 | At the northern fringes of the empire, a new Roman city is born! Manage and grow your city, please the gods, and survive against barbarians and mythological threats to achieve Roman Triumph!
538 | Terminator: Dark Fate – Defiance is not just a game; it's an adrenaline-fueled journey where your strategic prowess decides the fate of mankind against the machines. After the machines took over, the greatest threats may not come from the machines but rather from other human survivors.
539 | A first person social deduction game, combining real time action and communication, 3 to 8 players. While most players will do their best to complete objectives and ensure victory, a small portion of dissidents will try to stop them at all costs, without getting caught.
540 | Step in the shoes of the titular Desert Stalker, and scour the wasteland for artifacts and erotic encounters in this acclaimed Adult Visual Novel where your choices shape the game’s story. Dive into a world filled with grit, sex, and unparalleled power fantasies.
541 | Hydroneer is a mining and base building sandbox. Dig for gold and other resources to turn a profit and enhance your mining operation. Build a base of operations, forge weapons, go fishing, and dig deep!
542 | Drova is an Action-RPG that marries the dark grim tones of its genre with the mysticism of Celtic mythology. Encounter a society where ancient restless spirits and divided factions battle for dominance. Uncover forgotten abilities and unravel the secrets of a past shrouded in mystery.
"543 | ""Tokyo Xtreme Racer"" is a racing game set in a blocked-off future Tokyo, where players aim to be the fastest by driving their best cars on the highways that weave through the city."
544 | Rebuilt and enhanced for PC – Until Dawn invites you to relive the nightmare, and immerse yourself in a gripping slasher horror where every decision can make the difference between life and death.
545 | In Kerbal Space Program, take charge of the space program for the alien race known as the Kerbals. You have access to an array of parts to assemble fully-functional spacecraft that flies (or doesn’t) based on realistic aerodynamic and orbital physics.
546 | My Summer Car is the ultimate car owning, building, fixing, tuning, maintenance AND permadeath life survival simulator. You start the game with hundreds of loose parts and assemble both car and engine.
"547 | Take on Duelists around the world with ""Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links""! Step into a world that crosses dimensions and connects all Duelists. In Duel World, any location transforms into a Duel Field where heated Duels unfold!"
548 | Mechabellum is a rewarding tactical wargame where you gain victory by adapting your strategy and outthinking your opponents. Command a mechanized army in battles against humans or AI, customize your units and strategically place them on the battlefield to watch them destroy your enemies.
549 | Wild Assault is an anthro-themed tactical shooter built with Unreal Engine 5, featuring large-scale battlefield gameplay centered around Valiant abilities. Work closely with your team, harness your instincts, and charge into battle to secure victory.
550 | Take on the role of one of the notorious Slaughter family, or their victims, in The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, a third-person asymmetrical horror experience based on the groundbreaking and iconic 1974 horror film. Experience the mad and macabre for yourself in The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
551 | Eight travelers. Eight adventures. Eight roles to play. Embark on an epic journey across the vast and wondrous world of Orsterra and discover the captivating stories of each of the eight travelers.
552 | Become the ultimate badass in Trepang2: A gory, action-packed FPS set in the near future. Unleash all hell on your enemies, dodge bullets and leave a trail of destruction in this hardcore and frenetic shooter.
553 | Be the architect of your own universe with Spore, an exciting single-player adventure. From Single Cell to Galactic God, evolve your creature in a universe of your own creations.
554 | Embark on a new narrative journey by the creators of Life is Strange. Film your summer of 1995 and create memories of a lifetime with your new friends. 27 years later, confront the dark secrets that made you all promise to never speak again after that fateful summer.
555 | Based on The Lord of the Rings motion picture trilogy, LEGO® The Lord of the Rings follows the original story-lines of The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, taking players through the epic story events re-imagined with the humor and endl
556 | Overcooked returns with a brand-new helping of chaotic cooking action! Journey back to the Onion Kingdom and assemble your team of chefs in classic couch co-op or online play for up to four players. Hold onto your aprons… it’s time to save the world again!
557 | Jump into a massive multiplayer playground! Bike, ski, snowboard, or wingsuit across an open world sports paradise.
558 | In a mad and sublime utopian world, take part in explosive encounters. Adapt your fighting style to each opponent, use your environment and upgrade your equipment to fulfill your mission. If you want to reach the truth, you'll have to pay in blood.
559 | Gunfire Reborn is a level-based adventure game featuring FPS, Roguelite and RPG. Players can control heroes with various abilities to experience diverse Build gameplay, use various weapons to explore procedurally-generated levels. You can play the game alone, or join 4-player coop.
560 | Stacklands is a village builder where you stack cards to collect food, build structures, and fight creatures. 🃏 For example, dragging a Villager card on top of a Berry Bush card will spawn Berry cards which the villagers can eat to survive. 🃏 Play your cards right and expand your village!
561 | Builder. Farmer. Hunter. Trader. Ranching certainly isn’t your average job. Think you have the skills to turn your family’s rundown homestead into the most prosperous ranch in the valley? Then it’s time to head out into the wilderness in this captivating single and multiplayer open-world simulator.
562 | Saddle up with friends and investigate a dark mystery, where each trail leads to wonder and intrigue. A string of events has set the idyllic island on edge. Discover the truth behind your mother’s disappearance and a local's sudden death. For fans of horses, murder mysteries, and cozy exploration!
"563 | Command military Special Ops Teams in gripping tactical combat against a Middle East-based terrorist network. Sequel to RockPaperShotgun's ""Best Tactics Game of 2014""."
564 | Diplomacy is Not an Option is a strategy game set in a medieval fantasy world. Build your town and defenses, raise huge armies and fight against massive hordes of enemies. How long can you survive?
565 | Experience the thrill of the 2024 rally season with new locations, moments, stages, high-performance vehicles, new liveries, and licensed crews. Brace yourself to embark on your continued rally journey.
566 | Rev up your engines for the 2025 season! Feel the authentic MotoGP™ thrills with refined sound design and exciting challenges. Train with new disciplines in Race Off mode and choose the Arcade or Pro Experience for ultimate fun or realism!
567 | Desktop Garage Kit is an ultra-cute and loveable desktop software. It utilizes an advanced 3D cartoon shader, inspired by Genshin Impact, making the desktop characters more delicate and realistic, breaking through dimensional barriers.
568 | A deadly virus is spreading across Los Angeles, turning its inhabitants into zombies. Bitten, infected, but more than just immune, uncover the truth behind the outbreak and discover who - or what - you are. Survive, evolve and become the ultimate Zombie Slayer.
569 | Pizza Tower is a fast paced 2D platformer, with an emphasis on movement, exploration and score attack. Featuring highly stylized pixel art inspired by the cartoons from the '90s, and a highly energetic soundtrack.
570 | The ultimate space sandbox, reimagined. Unleash your creativity with powerful building tools, explore the mysterious Almagest system, and uncover its captivating story. Join the Early Access and shape the future of space engineering!
571 | Explore a new world with MySims™ — it's your world to transform in this retro re-release with updated graphics! Move to an adorable town. With a little creativity and some help from the locals, you can make this place thrive!
572 | Idle Champions of the Forgotten Realms is a Dungeons & Dragons strategy management game uniting Champions from throughout the D&D multiverse into a grand adventure.
573 | Age of Empires III: Definitive Edition offers players a trial of this historical single & multiplayer RTS experience. *Note: To unlock all features of the game please see the “Base Game” product.
574 | Become Ichiban Kasuga, a low-ranking yakuza grunt left on the brink of death by the man he trusted most. Take up your legendary bat and get ready to crack some underworld skulls in dynamic RPG combat set against the backdrop of modern-day Japan.
575 | NEEDY STREAMER OVERLOAD is a “multi-ending ADV” depicting daily life with “OMGkawaiiAngel”, a young girl with a rather extreme need for approval attempting to become the #1 “Internet Angel” (streamer).
576 | Pilgor's baaack! Gather your herd and venture forth into Goat Simulator 3; an all-new (at least on Steam), totally realistic, sandbox farmyard experience. Invite up to three friends in local or online co-op, create carnage as a team, or compete in mini-games and then not be friends anymore.
577 | A dice-driven RPG, in a human and heartfelt sci-fi world. You are an escaped android, with a malfunctioning body, a price on your head and no memory of your past. Get a ship, find a crew, and take on contracts while you navigate across the Starward Belt.
578 | Batman™: Arkham Knight brings the award-winning Arkham trilogy from Rocksteady Studios to its epic conclusion. Developed exclusively for New-Gen platforms, Batman: Arkham Knight introduces Rocksteady's uniquely designed version of the Batmobile.
579 | Congratulations. The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled. For immediate placement, report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint. An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.
580 | Lies of P is a thrilling soulslike that takes the story of Pinocchio, turns it on its head, and sets it against the darkly elegant backdrop of the Belle Epoque era.
581 | Slime Rancher is the tale of Beatrix LeBeau, a plucky, young rancher who sets out for a life a thousand light years away from Earth on the ‘Far, Far Range’ where she tries her hand at making a living wrangling slimes.
582 | Or were you deaf or were you blind when you left your two fine legs behind, Or was it sailing on the sea when you got the cannonball to your knee, I too was young and I was slim and I had a leg for every limb, But now I’ve got no legs at all, they were both shot away by a cannonball.
583 | Hero Siege brings you the loot with a legion of playable character classes, procedually generated world, over 1000 unique items, endless replayability and a wide variety of dungeons and dangerous zones to explore!
584 | Noita is a magical action roguelite set in a world where every pixel is physically simulated. Fight, explore, melt, burn, freeze and evaporate your way through the procedurally generated world using spells you've created yourself.
585 | RAID: Shadow Legends is a free-to-play collection RPG with 800+ playable Champions and 8 game modes. Heed the Arbiter's call and defend the dark fantasy world of Teleria.
586 | From one of gaming’s most acclaimed sagas, Gears is bigger than ever. With all-out war descending, Kait Diaz breaks away to uncover her connection to the enemy and discovers the true danger to Sera – herself.
587 | As Lara Croft races to save the world from a Maya apocalypse, she must become the Tomb Raider she is destined to be.
588 | FPS/mecha hybrid europolice sim with emphasis on interacting with NPCs and different gameplay systems.
589 | A Little to the Left is a cozy puzzle game that has you sort, stack, and organize household items into pleasing arrangements while you keep an eye out for a mischievous cat with an inclination for chaos. Check out this playful and intuitive puzzler with 100+ satisfying messes to tidy.
590 | The most complete motorcycle simulator that allows you to ride every type of motorbikes including ATVs, 3 Wheelers prototype and Sidecars. Challenge your online friends on TrackDayR and climb the leaderboards of players all over the world. TrackDayR, Trackday Everyday!
591 | Aliens: Fireteam Elite is a cooperative third-person survival game set in the iconic Alien Universe. Battle through hordes of different types of Xenomorph, customize your character and gear, and level-up as you try to contain this ever-growing threat.
592 | UFO 50 is a collection of 50 single and multiplayer games that span a variety of genres, from platformers and shoot 'em ups to puzzle games, roguelites, and RPGs. Our goal is to combine a familiar 8-bit aesthetic with new ideas and modern game design.
593 | Echo Point Nova is an open-world FPS that offers unparalleled freedom and thrilling speed. Designed for both singleplayer and coop. From the creators of Severed Steel.
594 | DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 builds upon the highly popular DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE with enhanced graphics that will further immerse players into the largest and most detailed Dragon Ball world ever developed.
595 | Plunge into the open-world survival simulation set in the extreme conditions of the uncharted Amazon jungle. Use real-life survival techniques to craft, hunt, fight, and gather resources, set a makeshift shelter, or raise a fortress. Survive alone or team up with your friends and challenge the jungle together.
596 | Hit like you mean it with FieldSENSE™ powered by BOOM Tech. Experience how the new physics-informed dynamic tackling system unlocks realistic collisions & new gameplay animations on both sides of the ball.
597 | Continue the story of Projekt: Passion. Now with EVEN MORE sex, comedy, sex, and all those things that everyone loves. Continue your fun-filled space adventure and continue developing your relationships with the girls you've come to know and love.
598 | Walk-n-talk adventure with light puzzling. Brother and sister practice cannibalism after witnessing a botched satanic ritual.
599 | Mahjong Soul is an online game that adopted the classic Japanese Mahjong gameplay. Here, you can hone your mahjong skills with players from worldwide or spend leisure time with friends, bond with various charismatic characters, and experience an abundance of unique stories.
600 | Construction Simulator has returned – larger and more impressive than ever! Fulfil your ambition to become a successful construction entrepreneur by establishing your business from scratch, assisted by your mentor Hape.
601 | The first and second title in the METAL GEAR series that established the stealth action genre, as well as the basic mechanics of the series.
602 | Fight upon the Ravenfield together with your Blue allies! Take down those pesky Reds using helicopters, tanks, guns, and active ragdoll physics!
603 | From one of the developers behind the original Rainbow Six® and Ghost Recon® games, comes a thinking-man's first-person shooter featuring in-depth character and weapon customization. Take your time. Think ahead. Get the job done.
604 | Wreckfest is a demolition derby themed racing game with soft-body damage modeling, sophisticated driving dynamics and in-depth vehicle upgrading, featuring both demolition derbies and more traditional track races. It’s all about fun, breakneck racing and over-the-top crashes.
605 | Assume the role of President Anton Rayne and guide the nation of Sordland. Amidst brewing international conflicts, need for reform, deep-seated corruption, and economic recession, you must make the decisions in this political drama. How will you lead?
606 | Enter an apocalyptic fantasy world where humanity is on the brink of extinction, iron is valued above gold and trust is hard earned. This ARPG features complex character development, hundreds of unique items, crafting and quests with choice & consequence.
607 | The new 3D Waifu Sci-Fi RPG Shooter is here! Aim at fate, fight by our side! Clear the specified stage to claim an Orange-Tier Operative!
608 | Build a soviet republic from an impoverished country into a rich industrial superpower in a city builder with intricate production chains and a fully simulated global economy. Manage the lives of your citizens from education to work and party loyalty to criminal activity.
609 | Explore the three most picturesque underground lines in Germany! The Berlin U1/U3 and the Hamburg U3 are waiting for you.  Immerse yourself in everyday life in the two German metropolises and discover famous sights such as Hamburg's harbour or Berlin's Oberbaum Bridge.
610 | The classic transport simulation genre has a new gold standard with Transport Fever 2. Discover a whole new world by navigating transport routes through land, water and air. May progress and prosperity find their way!
611 | Welcome to Motorfest, the ultimate open-world driving experience. Explore the Hawaiian islands of O'ahu and Maui. Celebrate the best of car culture through 20+ themed campaigns (street racing, offroad, drift...) and collect hundreds of iconic vehicles. Enjoy the game free for five hours!
612 | The timeless RPG classic returns loaded with upgrades! Journey to the forgotten past, to the far future, and to the end of time. A big adventure to save the planet, now begins…
613 | Thank Goodness You're Here! is an absurd comedy slapformer set in the bizarre Northern English town of Barnsworth. As a traveling salesman, take the time to see the sights and meet the locals, who are very eager to give you a series of increasingly odd jobs…
614 | Explore a strange world full of colorful friends and foes. When the time comes, the path you’ve chosen will determine your fate... and perhaps the fate of others as well.
615 | Become an ace pilot and soar through photorealistic skies with full 360 degree movement; down enemy aircraft and experience the thrill of engaging in realistic sorties! Aerial combat has never looked or felt better!
616 | Spirit City: Lofi Sessions is a gamified focus tool, set to a soothing lofi soundtrack. Discover and collect Spirits, customize your cozy virtual space, and facilitate your real-life tasks with a collection of handy features designed to improve concentration and ease stress.
617 | Old World is a revolutionary new historical strategy game where you lead your dynasty over generations of rule against rival kings and queens. Wage massive wars, manage your court, and build a dynasty — or watch your empire crumble to dust. What legacy will you leave behind?
618 | Astrometica is a space exploration and base-building survival game. After a catastrophic event, explore vast space, gather resources, build bases, and uncover cosmic mysteries. Use advanced technology, craft tools, and discover new blueprints to survive and thrive in the unknown.
619 | Gunner, HEAT, PC! (GHPC) is a simulation game about modern mounted combat, with special attention to authenticity and fun.
620 | Hunt, survive, build and lead in the harsh Middle Ages: Create your own Medieval Dynasty and ensure its long-lasting prosperity or die trying! Play alone or team up with friends to enjoy the ultimate medieval experience.
621 | Conquer mountain roads, highways, and city streets. Build your dream car with detailed tuning that unleashes the potential of “CarX Technology”© physics. Take part in thrilling races, enjoying realistic gameplay and dynamic driving.
622 | Warhammer 40,000: Gladius – Relics of War brings you to a world of terror and violence. Four factions will engage in a brutal war for dominance over the planet’s resources. In the first turn-based 4X strategy game set in Warhammer 40,000 you will lead one of four unique factions.
623 | 3D Dungeon RPG The portal of despair opens again. The labyrinth calls you to destruction. Revel in the endless dangers, relish the risk, devour the rewards. Savor the risk.
624 | Don the coat of a clever entrepreneur, take over a small railway company in the early 1800s and turn your steam engines into the workhorses of the economy. Grow your company into the largest railway company of the continent and outsmart your competitors.
625 | House Party is an edgy comedy adventure game inspired by classic comedies of the '90s. Every decision changes your story and every character has something to reveal. There’s also a button to take your pants off.
626 | Dive into a factory-building game with the focus on just that – building huge space factories! Construct sprawling multi-level factories and satisfying production lines without limits. Tackle increasingly complex automation challenges at your own pace – you won’t have to worry about enemies.
627 | From the developers of Warhammer 40,000: Gladius, ZEPHON is a post-apocalyptic 4X strategy game built on Proxy’s unique tactical combat system. Guide survivors through a turbulent future, navigating unexpected disasters, eldritch horror and cyberpunk monstrosities. What will you do to survive?
628 | Brotato is a top-down arena shooter roguelite where you play a potato wielding up to 6 weapons at a time to fight off hordes of aliens. Choose from a variety of traits and items to create unique builds and survive until help arrives.
629 | Answer the call of the wild with Sapphire Safari, an open-world Photography Adventure Game! Capture the beauty of real-life Monster Girls in their natural habitats, use tools to lure them into more erotic poses, and become intimate with them if you are brave enough...
630 | Land your crew of survivors on an abandoned island and survive! Mine raw materials, grow food, build factories, manufacture products, research new tech, and trade with others. Become an industrial superpower! But this is no easy task, you will be put to the test to keep your settlement alive.
631 | Grand Chase is a free side-scrolling online action RPG with anime inspired graphics. Enjoy exciting adventures in dungeons and PvP with unique characters.
632 | Create a team with up to 3 friends in Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon® Wildlands and enjoy the ultimate military shooter experience set in a massive, dangerous, and responsive open world.
633 | Reclaim the Lost Kingdom brick by brick! Join Bilbo Baggins, Gandalf, Thorin and his company of Dwarves in an epic adventure across Middle-earth to recapture the Lonely Mountain in the most expansive LEGO game to date.
634 | The sequel to the award winning Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice, Senua returns in a brutal journey of survival through the myth and torment of Viking Iceland. Intent on saving those who have fallen victim to the horrors of tyranny, Senua faces a battle of overcoming the darkness within and without.
635 | The Penitent One awakens as Blasphemous 2 joins him once again in an endless struggle against The Miracle. Dive into a perilous new world filled with mysteries and secrets to discover, and tear your way through monstrous foes that stand between you and your quest to end the cycle once and for all.
636 | Welcome to Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator 2, the most ridiculous and insane battle simulator in existence! Create eye watering battles with hundreds of thousands, even millions of characters on screen! Jump into multiple campaigns in game or player made, or play in sandbox mode and FPS invasion
637 | DiRT Rally 2.0 dares you to carve your way through a selection of iconic rally locations from across the globe, in the most powerful off-road vehicles ever made, knowing that the smallest mistake could end your stage.
638 | A free-roaming squad based RPG. Focusing on open-ended sandbox gameplay features rather than a linear story. Be a trader, a thief, a rebel, a warlord, an adventurer, a farmer, a slave, or just food for the cannibals. Train your men up from puny victims to master warriors.
639 | Bully tells the story of mischievous 15-year-old Jimmy Hopkins as he goes through the hilarity and awkwardness of adolescence. Beat the jocks at dodge ball, play pranks on the preppies, save the nerds, kiss the girl and navigate the social hierarchy in the worst school around.
640 | Grab your friends, hone your blades, and set off for an epic procedurally generated adventure in Trove! Battle the Shadow in realms filled with dungeons and items created by your fellow players. Whether hunting treasure or building realms of your own, it’s never been this good to be square!
641 | Help Madeline survive her inner demons on her journey to the top of Celeste Mountain, in this super-tight platformer from the creators of TowerFall. Brave hundreds of hand-crafted challenges, uncover devious secrets, and piece together the mystery of the mountain.
642 | Become Phoenix Wright and experience the thrill of battle as you fight to save your innocent clients in a court of law. Play all 14 episodes, spanning the first three games, in one gorgeous collection.
643 | In Total War: PHARAOH, the newest entry in the award-winning grand strategy series, immerse yourself in ancient Egypt at the zenith of its power and experience the dramatic events that threaten its destruction.
644 | Fight on multiple fronts in Holdfast: Nations At War - A multiplayer first and third-person shooter set during the great Napoleonic Era and WW1. Charge into battle with over 150 players per server!
"645 | Erenshor is a single player nod to the MMORPGs of the past. Partner up with our signature ""Simulated Players"" to experience all of the joys of open-world MMORPG gameplay on your own schedule and without the time commitments. There are thousands of items, quests, raids, and secrets to discover!"
646 | Team up as two quirky construction workers in this fun 2-player co-op platformer! Carry a fragile glass window through colorful levels filled with challenges. Communicate and coordinate to dodge obstacles and solve puzzles. Can you finish the job without breaking the glass?
647 | Don the clothes and weaponry of the elite to become the samurai of legend, Sakamoto Ryoma. Draw your blade and join the revolution in this heated historical adventure.
648 | Design and simulate the starships of your dreams! Command your ship or fleet in epic battles and manage your crew while exploring a dangerous galaxy. Play alone or with friends, test your ships in online PvP, and let your imagination reach for the stars!
649 | Become Undisputed in the most authentic boxing game to date! Featuring true to life visuals, bone-jarring action, and more licensed boxers than ever before, Undisputed gives you unprecedented control to master every inch of the ring.
650 | The Horror at Highrook is an occult card crafting narrative RPG. Explore a haunted mansion with your team of investigators, summon dark entities, craft powerful protections, uncover the fate of the missing family, and choose your own path through the darkness.
651 | Northgard is a critically acclaimed strategy game based on Norse mythology. Lead your clan, uncover the secrets of a mysterious newfound continent and defeat your enemies to conquer the Throne!
652 | Automobilista 2 is all the racing simulators you ever wanted - in just one. An incredibly diverse collection of cars and tracks cohesively simulated, featuring incredible graphics and audio quality, dynamic weather and track conditions and the best VR support for a racing experience like no other.
653 | Black Ops Cold War, the direct sequel to Call of Duty®: Black Ops, will drop fans into the depths of the Cold War’s volatile geopolitical battle of the early 1980s.
654 | NEW! Play solo with an AI fireteam or co-op online. Six Days in Fallujah is an intensely realistic first-person tactical shooter based on true stories from one of this century’s toughest urban battles.
655 | Liftoff® is a drone simulator that translates the rush of first-person view drone flight to the digital world. Join the biggest community for virtual FPV racing and freestyle!
656 | Plague Inc: Evolved is a unique mix of high strategy and terrifyingly realistic simulation. Your pathogen has just infected 'Patient Zero' - now you must bring about the end of human history by evolving a deadly, global Plague whilst adapting against everything humanity can do to defend itself.
657 | Discover the true meaning of fear in Alien: Isolation, a survival horror set in an atmosphere of constant dread and mortal danger.
658 | The final summer, the final secret... Ryza's final adventure is about to begin!
659 | Exit the Gungeon is a small, spin-off 'dungeon climber' immediately following the adventures of the misfit Gungeoneers.
660 | Embark on a space voyage with your ragtag crew of civilians in search of a new home. Build spaceships tile by tile, create optimal gas conditions, manage the needs and moods of their crew, encounter other space-faring groups, and explore the universe in this spaceship colony simulation.
661 | Explore one of the defining periods in world history in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy.
662 | The biggest first-person action series of all time and the follow-up to critically acclaimed Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty®: Black Ops.
663 | Taiko no Tatsujin: Rhythm Festival is a drum-based rhythm game featuring songs from genres such as Anime and VOCALOID™, and also a variety of game modes! Have fun playing solo or online!
664 | Will your castle survive the relentless onslaught, or collapse under pressure? Build, manage resources, and outsmart your foes in a world where everything can be destroyed. Use strategy and creativity to turn the chaos into your greatest advantage!
665 | Dive into a freezing underwater adventure on an alien planet. Below Zero is set two years after the original Subnautica. Return to Planet 4546B to uncover the truth behind a deadly cover-up. Survive by building habitats, crafting tools, & diving deeper into the world of Subnautica.
666 | Demonologist is a Co-Op horror game that can be played with at least 1 and up to 4 players. Your goal is to identify the type of evil spirit in cursed places and exorcise it using your equipment, either alone or with your team.
667 | Travel to the desert community of Sandrock and take on the role of a fledgling Builder. Use your trusty toolset to gather resources, construct machines, and turn your run-down workshop into a well-oiled production facility to save the town from the jaws of economic ruin!
668 | Patch 5.0 - Turn-based mode and The Ultimate challenge out now! Pursue a rogue god over land and sea in the sequel to the multi-award-winning RPG Pillars of Eternity. Captain your ship on a dangerous voyage of discovery across the vast unexplored archipelago region of the Deadfire.
669 | Dive into the enchanting worlds of LUNAR: Silver Star Story Complete and LUNAR 2: Eternal Blue Complete! Tag along on Alex and Hiro's quests and challenge enemies like the Magic Emperor and God of Destruction to save the world from dire peril in two adventures set 1000 years apart from each other!
670 | Total War: THREE KINGDOMS is the first in the award-winning series to recreate epic conflict across ancient China. Combining a gripping turn-based campaign of empire-building & conquest with stunning real-time battles, THREE KINGDOMS redefines the series in an age of heroes & legends.
671 | Build your farm and relationships with townsfolk, or forge ahead on a quest of magic, monsters, and dragons. Level up through a skill tree in 8 person multiplayer, or adventure solo!
672 | Discover the epic conclusion of the long-time clan warfare between members of the Mishima family. Powered by Unreal Engine 4, the legendary fighting game franchise fights back with stunning story-driven cinematic battles and intense duels that can be enjoyed with friends and rivals.
673 | Ushering in a new era for the METAL GEAR franchise with cutting-edge technology powered by the Fox Engine, METAL GEAR SOLID V: The Phantom Pain, will provide players a first-rate gaming experience as they are offered tactical freedom to carry out open-world missions.
674 | The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind® Game of the Year Edition includes Morrowind plus all of the content from the Bloodmoon and Tribunal expansions. The original Mod Construction Set is not included in this package. An epic, open-ended single-player RPG, Morrowind allows you to create and play any kind of character imaginable.
675 | A deadly virus engulfs the residents of Raccoon City in September of 1998, plunging the city into chaos as flesh eating zombies roam the streets for survivors. An unparalleled adrenaline rush, gripping storyline, and unimaginable horrors await you. Witness the return of Resident Evil 2.
676 | A minimalist game about building and defending your little kingdom.
677 | Build the most efficient intergalactic factory in space simulation strategy game Dyson Sphere Program! Harness the power of stars, collect resources, plan and design production lines and develop your interstellar factory from a small space workshop to a galaxy-wide industrial empire.
678 | Indebted to the wrong people, with his life on the line, veteran of the U.S. Cavalry and now hired gun, Booker DeWitt has only one opportunity to wipe his slate clean. He must rescue Elizabeth, a mysterious girl imprisoned since childhood and locked up in the flying city of Columbia.
679 | Dark Hours is a co-op survival horror game for up to 4 players. Your heist has been disrupted by a supernatural event, and your team of robbers is now trapped with an evil entity. Forget your plan, your mission is to survive. Explore and cooperate to find a way out or hide and wish for daylight.
680 | Potion Craft is an alchemist simulator where you physically interact with your tools and ingredients to brew potions. You're in full control of the whole shop: invent new recipes, attract customers and experiment to your heart's content. Just remember: the whole town is counting on you.
681 | Spanning the most turbulent era in Western history, your quest for territory and power takes you through Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and even onto the shores of the New World.
682 | Shoot, stab, burn, poison, tear, vaporise, or crush ragdolls in a large open space.
683 | Spiritfarer® is a cozy management game about dying. As ferrymaster to the deceased, build a boat to explore the world, care for your spirit friends, and release them into the afterlife. The Spiritfarer Farewell Edition includes the heartwarming base game and three major content updates.
684 | Craft, farm, build and cook! In Travellers Rest you will have to use all the available tools to become the best tavern keeper in the realm. Create unique dishes and drinks to please your customers as you discover the world and its colorful characters.
685 | Firewatch is a single-player first-person mystery set in the Wyoming wilderness, where your only emotional lifeline is the person on the other end of a handheld radio.
686 | Live the life of a wild wolf in a realistic ecological simulation set in Yellowstone National Park.
687 | ASSASSIN’S CREED® ORIGINS IS A NEW BEGINNING *The Discovery Tour by Assassin’s Creed®: Ancient Egypt is available now as a free update!* Ancient Egypt, a land of majesty and intrigue, is disappearing in a ruthless fight for power.
688 | 1975. Disaster strikes the Beira D oil rig off the coast of Scotland. Navigate the collapsing rig to save your crew from an otherworldly horror on the edge of all logic and reality.
689 | Explore a cursed Japanese town! Recruit mascot friends and come to the rescue when disaster strikes! Solve the mystery of your exile! Help a living finger work through her many anger issues! Turn Promise Mascot Agency into the best agency in Japan in this open-world narrative adventure!
690 | Coral Island is a vibrant and laid-back reimagining of farm sim games. Be who you want and experience enchanting island living at your own pace—live off the land, nurture animals, build relationships with a diverse cast of townsfolk, and make the world around you a more vital and harmonious place.
691 | Discover the open world of Hope County, Montana, besieged by a fanatical doomsday cult. Dive into the action solo or two-player co-op in the story campaign, use a vast arsenal of weapons and allies, and free Hope County from Joseph Seed and his cult.
692 | Dragon’s Dogma 2 is a single player, narrative driven action-RPG that challenges the players to choose their own experience – from the appearance of their Arisen, their vocation, their party, how to approach different situations and more - in a truly immersive fantasy world.
693 | You wake up in a dark warehouse, tasked with packing orders while something lurks in the shadows. Work fast, stay safe, and protect your cat. He’s all you’ve got.
694 | Embark on a road trip like no other in this co-op narrative survival adventure. Visit fun locations, meet wacky characters, and manage your resources wisely. And yes: you still can date some hot monsters ;)
695 | A rogue-lite action-rpg that offers extensive persistent progression. Build your town, upgrade and equip your heroes, before taking on the the ever-changing Dark Citadel - either solo or with a team of friends.
696 | A hero's destiny is written in the Stars. The legendary KONAMI JRPGs Suikoden I and Suikoden II have now been remastered in HD!
697 | In the second game of the series, competition has increased and now everyone wants to be a streamer. Are you ready to stream until your cpu burns out?
"698 | ""May you find your book in this place."" Combat between the guests and the librarians breaks out as if it were on a stage. Defeated guests turn into books, and the Library grows onward. And eventually, get your hands on… The one singular, perfect book."
699 | UBOAT is a simulator of a submarine from WWII era. It is a survival sandbox with crew management mechanics while its primary theme is life of German sailors. The boat is their home, but it can become their grave at any time.
700 | EA SPORTS FC™ 24 welcomes you to The World’s Game: the most true-to-football experience ever with HyperMotionV, PlayStyles optimised by Opta, and an enhanced Frostbite™ Engine.
701 | FINAL FANTASY XII THE ZODIAC AGE - This revered classic returns, now fully remastered for the first time for PC, featuring all new and enhanced gameplay.
702 | Governor of Poker 3 is the best multiplayer poker game with a great design. In this multi-player version of Governor of Poker you compete live with thousands of real poker players to prove you are the number 1 Texas Hold ’em poker star!
703 | Experience the collected adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog in Sonic Origins Plus! With 16 legendary Sonic titles, including 12 Game Gear games, new playable characters, modes, challenges, behind-the-scenes content, and more, this is the definitive way to play these classic games!
704 | Automate a lunar base as you become the savior of humanity exploring the future on the moon. Mine, craft, research, and trade resources with Earth in this gripping narrative basebuilder.
705 | This is a TPS game. Shooting, fighting, dress-up, puzzle solving, and more. In the future, a special germ causes humans to be constantly infected and mutated. The protagonist, Jodi, is a brave journalist who goes on her way to find the legendary antidote and is in danger.
706 | You are an Exile, struggling to survive on the dark continent of Wraeclast, as you fight to earn power that will allow you to exact your revenge against those who wronged you. Path of Exile is an online Action RPG set in a dark fantasy world. The game is completely free and will never be pay-to-win.
707 | Steel Division 2 is a historically-accurate WW2 real-time strategy game set on the Eastern Front. Features 1:1-scale turn-based army management and real-time tactical battles with thousands of men at your order.
708 | Blasphemous is a brutal action-platformer with skilled hack’n slash combat set in the nightmare world of Cvstodia. Explore, upgrade your abilities, and perform savage executions on the hordes of enemies that stand between you and your quest to break eternal damnation.
709 | WEBFISHING a multiplayer chatroom-focused fishing game! Relax and fish (on the web!)
710 | The critically acclaimed Vermintide 2 is a visually stunning and groundbreaking melee action game pushing the boundaries of the first person co-op genre. Join the fight now!
711 | 26 years of sports gaming excellence! Out of the Park Baseball 26 is here - officially licensed by MLB, the MLB Players Inc. and KBO! This year's brand new version puts you firmly in charge of your favorite baseball franchise. Your team, your way, your rules.
712 | The open-world action in Need for Speed Most Wanted gives you the freedom to drive your way. Hit jumps and shortcuts, switch cars, lie low or head for terrain that plays to your vehicle’s unique strengths. Fight your way past cops and rivals using skill, high-end car tech and tons of nitrous.
713 | OneShot is a surreal top down Puzzle/Adventure game with unique gameplay capabilities. You are to guide a child through a mysterious world on a mission to restore its long-dead sun. The world knows you exist.
714 | Gather your friends and dive into the action-packed Battle Royale, Squad Fight, or Hot Zone like there's no tomorrow! Blood Strike offers a wide range of playable Strikers, each with a unique active and passive ability letting you deploy drones, shield walls and everything in between.
715 | Command or corrupt an entire galaxy in the definitive Star Wars strategy collection. It is a time of galactic civil war. Will you take up the reins of the Rebellion, assume control of the Empire, or rule the Star Wars Underworld?
716 | Warfare 1917 and 1944 return, fully remastered with enhanced visuals, full-screen support, and custom battles. Warfare Legacy Collection also Includes the Battle of the Bulge, a brand-new campaign set during WWII’s final offensive with all-new missions, snowy maps, and intense front-line action.
717 | Explore a land filled with lost legends, ancient powers, and ferocious monsters in TUNIC, an isometric action game about a small fox on a big adventure.
718 | A fateful meeting sets off a chain reaction, upending Mark's life. People disappear and memories prove unreliable. Uncover a hidden truth with Mark and his friends in this narrative adventure and race to unravel the mystery before it's too late.
719 | Create, discover, and download new player-created maps, scenarios, interfaces, and more!
720 | Build a sophisticated robot factory optimized to perfection in an infinite voxel world. Mine and harvest resources, automate your production lines and manage complex systems while researching your way to become the galaxy’s leading robotics megacorp.
721 | Take the fight to your pesky neighbors in a mayhem filled team-based online co-op battle. Assemble a team of iconic residents, attack your rival’s home with crazy items, and deploy devious traps to defend your own. Whose house will survive to rule the neighborhood?
722 | Become an ace doctor, an aspiring architect and a successful manager at the same time. Design your very own hospital, tweak every detail or choose one of the prebuilt scenarios and just jump to the doctor’s duty.
723 | Open world single-player FPS. Command your squad in battle across jungles, hills and villages of Vietnam. Fight as U.S or Vietcong. Vast arsenal of weapons and 50+ vehicles
724 | The Award-winning detective saga returns in this standalone sequel to The Case of the Golden Idol. Uncover the truth behind 20 strange cases of crime, death and depravity in the 1970s. The world has changed dramatically - the sins of humanity have not.
725 | Unleash your inner magic and prepare to unravel the mysteries surrounding a death professor gone rogue. Darkness threatens to engulf the Spiral as you master powerful spells, explore over 22 whimsical worlds, and team-up with friends in this nostalgic wizard turn-based deckbuilding MMORPG.
726 | An intense, gorgeous hack-and-slash action RPG from the Taimanin fame!
727 | In Rail Route, you will design, construct, upgrade, and automate your railway network in one of the many maps based on real-life cities worldwide. Dispatch the trains to make the traffic flow and the network grow!
728 | Defend the last bastion of humanity with your squad of heroes! Exterminate fiendish monsters with magic and brute force by night and re-build your battered city defenses by day in this tactical RPG with rogue-lite mechanics.
729 | You have 9 days before the final fight. At your current state, you do not stand a chance! Explore this Open World to gain new skills and abilities for the battle. Choose where you go, what you do carefully. You cannot waste time! You have 9 days.
730 | Return to the Mass Effect universe & lead the first humans in Andromeda on a desperate search for our new home.
731 | Experience a summer like never before as you become a live-in housekeeper for three charming sisters (and your supportive supervisor).
732 | Step into the polished shoes of a racing team manager in the heart-stirring Golden Era of motorsport where every decision can lead to glory or gravel. With sleek minimalist charm and deep strategic gameplay, Golden Lap offers a unique experience in the motorsport management genre.
733 | Experience all the Onion Kingdom has to offer, Overcooked! 1 & 2 infused with 4k goodness running at a smooth 60 FPS. Fully remastered and cooked up from scratch. Enjoy 200+ levels (22 new) and 80+ chefs (3 new), this is the ultimate Overcooked! experience.
734 | Experience a visceral Campaign or assemble your team in the ultimate online playground with multiple Special Ops challenges and a mix of Multiplayer maps and modes.
735 | Meet the Pixelians and discover the ultimate life simulator in To Pixelia. As you climb your career ladder of choice, step into the world of politics, art, sports, music, and even crime. Live your dream life in pixels!
736 | Walk upon a new world and slay foes endangering it. Rogue : Genesia is an action rogue-lite game, where you fight relentless hordes consisting of hundreds and thousands of monsters, make your build, break the balance, defeat bosses and save one of the many worlds.
737 | Experience the single-player experience from the iconic first-person shooter, Crysis 3, optimized to take advantage of today's hardware in Crysis 3 Remastered.
738 | Inspired by RuneScape, Melvor Idle takes the core of what makes an adventure game so addictive and strips it down to its purest form! This is a feature-rich, idle/incremental game combining a distinctly familiar feel with a fresh gameplay experience. Maxing 20+ skills has never been more zen.
739 | Customise and manage your train, tend to quirky passengers, gather resources, craft decorations, and upgrade your conductors style all accompanied by soft lo-fi tunes. Become a conductor and save your hometown Barrenpyre from environmental disaster!
740 | Selling over five million copies since its release in 2000, FINAL FANTASY IX proudly returns on Steam! Now you can relive the adventures of Zidane and his crew on PC !
741 | Shop Titans is the ultimate RPG shopkeeper simulation. Craft powerful equipment, stock your shop and sell to aspiring heroes… at a markup! Hire heroes and explore dungeons to gather valuable materials to craft with. There’s never a dull moment in the world of Shop Titans!
742 | AirportSim is an Advanced Airport Ground Handling Simulator with true-to-life visuals and operations, licensed planes and vehicles, real airports and live weather conditions. Enjoy the many tasks alone or with friends, making this experience unforgettable.
743 | Alex Chen hides her 'curse': the psychic power of Empathy, the ability to absorb the emotions of others. When her brother dies in a so-called accident, Alex must embrace her power to find the truth.
744 | Feel the power of simulation in your hands. Experience immense velocity and express unrivalled creativity with Train Sim World 4! Expand your rail hobby and discover the raw emotion of driving a diverse array of iconic routes and trains. From training center to mountain pass, this is your journey.
745 | Battle as a team of 4 to compete against other teams online! Graphically, SHINOBI STRIKER is also built from the ground up in a completely new graphic style. Lead your team and fight online to see who the best ninjas are!
746 | Wobbly Life is a vibrant open-world physics sandbox. Play with your friends online or in local co-op, with exciting jobs, mini games and wacky story missions. Earn cash to spend in the world on clothes, vehicles and houses. There is a whole Wobbly World out there to explore!
747 | A story-driven third-person action game set in a dark, alternative world between WWI and WWII. Harness unique powers, customize your arsenal, and navigate haunting Gothic landscapes. Battle fallen soldiers as you uncover the mysteries of this realm.
748 | The most-anticipated game of the year and the sequel to the best-selling first-person action game of all time, Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse.
749 | Inscryption is an inky black card-based odyssey that blends the deckbuilding roguelike, escape-room style puzzles, and psychological horror into a blood-laced smoothie. Darker still are the secrets inscrybed upon the cards...
750 | PAYDAY 3 is the much anticipated sequel to one of the most popular co-op shooters ever. Since its release, PAYDAY-players have been reveling in the thrill of a perfectly planned and executed heist. That’s what makes PAYDAY a high-octane, co-op FPS experience without equal.
751 | Experience surreal environments and inexplicable characters as ENA in a new wild world.
752 | Command swarms of warriors at an unprecedented scale of warfare in this blend of RTS and base-building. Lead ant colonies against the many fearsome threats of the insect world, while building intricate nests, developing pheromone-based tactics, and evolving to meet growing dangers.
753 | Cabernet is a 2D narrative RPG set in a 19th century Eastern European inspired world, with a modern twist. Guide Liza, a young vampire in her new unlife among the unsuspecting townsfolk. Will you retain your humanity or descend further into the horror you have become?
754 | Master the art of starfighter combat in the authentic piloting experience STAR WARS™: Squadrons. Feel the adrenaline of first-person multiplayer space dogfights alongside your squadron, and buckle up in a thrilling STAR WARS™ story.
755 | Brave the Vortex and dash your way to greatness in this lightning-fast action roguelite for 1-3 players from the crafters of Dead Cells. Absorb the powers of fallen warriors, rebuild their weapons, and WIPE THE FLOOR with those Sentinels in search of that perfect run!
756 | Become a deadly Master Assassin in this action-adventure game. Explore the streets of ninth-century Baghdad through the eyes of Basim. Take down your targets while seeking justice as part of the Hidden Ones.
757 | In Tactical Breach Wizards, you lead a team of renegade wizards in kevlar through turn-based battles to unravel a modern conspiracy plot. Combine their unique spells in clever ways, or rewind time to try every crazy plan you can think of to punch a Traffic Warlock through a 4th story window.
758 | Protect and guide your people as you forge a town from untamed wilderness at the edge of the known world. Harvest raw materials, hunt, fish and farm to survive. Produce crafted items to trade, consume, equip and fight with as you battle for your survival against the elements and outside threats.
759 | The original FINAL FANTASY VI comes to life with completely new graphics and audio! A remodeled 2D take on the sixth game in the world-renowned FINAL FANTASY series! Enjoy the timeless story told through charming retro graphics.
760 | Enter the adrenaline-filled world of a modern-day guerrilla revolution. With stunning vistas, visceral gunplay, and a huge variety of gameplay experiences, there's never been a better time to join the fight.
761 | DC Universe Online is a Free-to-Play, massive multiplayer online action game set in the popular DC Universe. Become one of a new breed of Heroes or Villains and wield incredible powers as you go to war with legendary characters such as Batman, Superman, Lex Luthor and The Joker.
762 | An alien invasion has fractured humanity into seven ideological factions each with a unique vision for the future. Lead your chosen faction to take control of Earth’s nations, expand across the Solar System, and battle enemy fleets in tactical combat.
763 | The exclusive home of the Majors, EA SPORTS™ PGA TOUR™ features Pure Strike for superior golf gameplay, powered by ShotLink®, and unrivaled access to the world’s most exclusive golf courses.
764 | Buy an abandoned gas station and restore it to its full glory. Renovate, upgrade and expand upon the offered services to keep up with your clients demands.
765 | REMNANT II® pits survivors of humanity against new deadly creatures and god-like bosses across terrifying worlds. Play solo or co-op with two other friends to explore the depths of the unknown to stop an evil from destroying reality itself.
766 | Her legacy lives on! Play the next series of Tomb Raider adventures in this remastered collection of Lara Croft's darkest adventures.
767 | Do you like hot dogs? How about horseshoes? Hand grenades? (everyone likes hand grenades) Anyway, we've got all that, and guns. SO MANY GUNS. So if you like ordnance, meat, and far too many groan-worthy puns, this is the VR sandbox game for you.
768 | Raise mighty armies, wield ancient magic and forge an empire. This turn-based strategy adventure game fuses strategic decision making, tactical combat and kingdom management.
769 | Take the loot, pirates! Bounty Rush is a 4 vs 4 multiplayer team action game. Work with your team to capture the other teams' berries!
770 | Become a crew member of an Interdimensional Express Train! Discover a new world full of mysterious creatures, enemies and places. Upgrade and customize your train, gather new materials and build better weapons. Play solo or online сo-op with up to 4 people.
771 | Eternal Return is a free-to-play, 2.5D perspective Battle Royale game. Search, Craft, Hunt, and Fight using a variety of characters. Plan your strategy and become the last survivor on this eternal experiment.
772 | Hirohiko Araki's masterpiece, brought to life as a fighting game! Battle with 50 colorful characters, wielding Stands, Hamon, and more! See how characters who could never meet in the story interact when they come face to face!
773 | Claim your title as Shogun, Highland King, Northern Tsar or Desert Sultan and join this genre-redefining strategy game where you will wage constant war for real territorial conquest! Fortify your castle, fuel a massive army, and enter the ultimate fight for realm domination!
774 | A first-person fight to the death in the depths of space!
775 | Traverse punishing environments, looting, crafting and evading the constant threats to your life. The unprecedented levels of character customization and progression are your ultimate tools for survival.
"776 | Experience the ultimate WWII RTS platform with COH2 and its standalone expansions. This package includes the base game, which you can then upgrade by purchasing The Western Front Armies, Ardennes Assault and/or The British Forces. More info in the ""About This Game"" section below."
777 | Alien: Rogue Incursion is an all-new action-horror VR game that transforms you into ex-Colonial Marine Zula Hendricks on a dangerous mission to the uncharted planet Purdan, featuring innovative real-life motion gameplay, a whole-body loadout, and the most cunning Xenomorphs ever encountered.
778 | Ready to hit the streets? BMX Streets brings the essence of street riding to your fingertips. Experience the next generation of BMX gaming with realistic physics, meaningful customization and a massive open world. Practice, experiment and explore to find your own unique style and master the streets.
779 | Slay your way in Mandragora: Whispers of the Witch Tree, an epic action RPG in a dark fantasy world. Battle monsters, master six unique Classes, craft hundreds of useful items, and explore the secrets of an expansive, interconnected world.
780 | World War Z is a heart-pounding coop third-person shooter for up to 4 players featuring massive swarms of hundreds of zombies, focused on fast-paced, gruesomely spectacular action.
781 | The year is 1715. Pirates rule the Caribbean and have established their own lawless Republic where corruption, greediness and cruelty are commonplace.Among these outlaws is a brash young captain named Edward Kenway.
782 | Love Curse is a GL visual novel. You’ve fallen under a curse, and the only way to break it is to find your soulmate! The clock is ticking… Will you find true love? And what secrets will you uncover along the way?
783 | Fly near-future aircraft with immersive physics on intense battlefields, facing land, air and sea threats. Wage war against AI or other players with an array of potent weapons. Wield tactical and strategic nuclear weapons, capable of annihilating anything in their path.
784 | HumanitZ is a co-op, isometric, open world survival game in a world ended by the zombie outbreak. As one of the few human survivors, try to last as long as “humanly” possible. The past can’t be changed, but you can make a difference today for the future of humanity.
785 | Winner of over 130 Game of the Year awards, discover the definitive Dragon Age: Inquisition experience. The Game of the Year Edition includes the critically acclaimed game, all three official add-ons - Jaws of Hakkon, The Descent, and Trespasser - and more.
786 | Ever felt like the world was missing that one Parkour/Freerunning game? That game that scratches that itch that other games just don't? Rooftops & Alleys aka TheParkourGame is here to deliver! In this game, there's is no 'hold button to parkour' mentality. Here, you, the player is in control!
787 | Master your aim with KovaaK’s, the world’s best aim trainer. With over 200,000 scenarios, playlists and more! Embrace total customization, including a map editor and game physics. More than just a trainer, it’s a dynamic, community-driven platform that elevates your gameplay.
788 | Command & Conquer and Red Alert are both remastered in 4K by the former Westwood Studios team members. Includes all 3 expansions, rebuilt multiplayer, a modernized UI, Map Editor, bonus footage gallery, and over 7 hours of remastered music.
789 | A classic survival horror experience set in a dystopian future where humanity has uncovered a dark secret. Unravel a cosmic mystery, escape terrifying creatures, and scavenge an off-world government facility as Elster, a technician Replika searching for her lost dreams.
790 | Experience a gripping psychological thriller filled with innumerable twists and turns. The hunt is on for a murderer known only as the Origami Killer. Four characters, each following their own leads, must take part in a desperate attempt to prevent the killer from claiming a new victim.
791 | Take on the role of Six, a lone child lost in a massive metal vessel known as the Maw, surrounded by dangerous, distorted versions of adults. You’ll need to do your best to escape in one piece or your fate will be worse than you ever dared dream.
792 | Experience the critically acclaimed Horizon Zero Dawn™ with stunning new visuals and upgraded features. In a far future where colossal machines roam the Earth, pockets of humanity survive in unique tribes among the lush, overgrown ruins of our long-lost civilization.
793 | Warhammer 40,000: Battlesector is a fast-paced turn-based strategy game set in the grimdark universe of the 41st Millennium. Pick your force, develop your army, field mighty heroes and fight for victory using superior strategy, awesome abilities, and devastating weaponry.
794 | Rivals of Aether II is the sequel to the hit indie fighting game, Rivals of Aether. Play as both new and returning elemental fighters in the next generation of platform fighters.
795 | Unpacking is a zen puzzle game about the familiar experience of pulling possessions out of boxes and fitting them into a new home. Part block-fitting puzzle, part home decoration, you are invited to create a satisfying living space while learning clues about the life you’re unpacking.
796 | Frostpunk is the first society survival game. As the ruler of the last city on Earth, it is your duty to manage both its citizens and infrastructure. What decisions will you make to ensure your society's survival? What will you do when pushed to breaking point? Who will you become in the process?
797 | Flee the shattered ruins of the Moscow Metro and embark on an epic, continent-spanning journey across the post-apocalyptic Russian wilderness. Explore vast, non-linear levels, lose yourself in an immersive, sandbox survival experience, and follow a thrilling story-line that spans an entire year in the greatest Metro adventure yet.
798 | From the creators of South Park, Trey Parker and Matt Stone, comes South Park: The Fractured But Whole, a sequel to 2014's award-winning South Park: The Stick of Truth.
799 | Race your way to victory on bikes, ATVs and UTVs in MX vs ATV Legends! Featuring massive new open environments, plus a career mode that lets you experience all the risks and rewards of becoming a world-famous professional rider. Become an off-road racing legend in your own right! Your time is now!
800 | Take on a role of a hardened PMC fighter in a dark turn-based extraction RPG. Engage in unforgiving combat, manage your ship and pile up the bodies of your clones to unravel the dark mystery behind threat to all life.
801 | Become the coach of a prestigious sports academy's tennis club, filled with stunning girls who all dislike you. How will you handle it? FORCE THEM TO LOVE YOU, of course! Prepare for intense tennis matches with dynamic gameplay and powerful abilities. Prove your skills and earn their bodies.
802 | Battle against Fahrul's tyrannical Queen alone or as a party of four players in the sequel to For The King, the massively popular turn-based roguelite tabletop RPG. Will you unravel the once beloved Queen's terrible secret?
803 | “Your wish shall perish...” A Holy Grail War begins in Edo Japan. A brand new Fate action RPG presented by TYPE-MOON and KOEI TECMO GAMES.
804 | GTFO is a hardcore cooperative horror shooter that throws you from gripping suspense to explosive action in a heartbeat. Stealth, strategy, and teamwork are necessary to survive in your deadly, underground prison. Work together or die together.
805 | UNO makes its return with new exciting features! Match cards by color or value and play action cards to change things up. Race against others to empty your hand before everyone else in Classic play or customize your experience with House Rules.
806 | Myth of Empires is a multiplayer war sandbox game featuring a high degree of freedom and multiple civilizations. Players must survive, craft, create, and lead troops in their quest to conquer PVE or PVP territory and build their own empire. Xizhou Civilization Pack is now officially released!
807 | In Prey, you awaken aboard Talos I, a space station orbiting the moon in the year 2032. You are the key subject of an experiment meant to alter humanity forever – but things have gone terribly wrong. The space station has been overrun by hostile aliens and you are now being hunted.
808 | The original game you know and love. For Windows 10/11. Create a neighborhood of Sims and guide their lives through careers and romance — or create chaos with open-ended gameplay that lets you shape their destinies.
809 | Zombies are invading your home, and the only defense is your arsenal of plants! Armed with an alien nursery-worth of zombie-zapping plants like peashooters and cherry bombs, you'll need to think fast and plant faster to stop dozens of types of zombies dead in their tracks.
810 | Experience the Next Generation of the #1 Fighting Franchise. Mortal Kombat X combines unparalleled, cinematic presentation with all new gameplay.
811 | Brighter Shores is an all new adventure from award winning MMORPG designer Andrew Gower. It is an enchanting point-and-click style RPG with hundreds of hours of gameplay, set in a land of magic and mysteries, with a huge number of professions to try, and something new to find around every corner.
812 | BONELAB is an experimental physics action game. Explore a mysterious lab filled with weapons, enemies, challenges and secrets. Escape your reality, or wreak havoc. No wrong answers.
813 | SULFUR is a modern old-school action-adventure: Outsmart enemies, find treasure, improve weapons, harness powers. Delve deeper, find answers, make it end.
814 | Dive back into the unique world of GreedFall again in an even deeper RPG experience. Uprooted from the island of your birth, find your freedom, explore the old continent and forge your destiny through alliances, scheming and battles!
815 | Join the Phantom Thieves and strike back against the corruption overtaking cities across Japan. A summer vacation with close friends takes a sudden turn as a distorted reality emerges; reveal the truth and redeem the hearts of those imprisoned at the center of the crisis!
816 | DJMAX RESPECT V is the latest installment from the creators of the critically acclaimed rhythm game franchise ‘DJMAX.’ Experience tracks from popular artists such as Marshmello, Porter Robinson, and Yukika, exclusive Full HD Music Videos, online multiplayer, new game modes, and more!
817 | SEGA’s legendary Japanese series finally comes to PC. Fight like hell through Tokyo and Osaka as junior yakuza Kiryu and Majima. Take a front row seat to 1980s life in Japan in an experience unlike anything else in video gaming, with uncapped framerates and 4K resolutions. A legend is born.
818 | Play guitar or bass and start your musical journey with Rocksmith 2014 Remastered Learn & Play! Perfect for beginners and pros, learn at your own rythmm with 60 tracks and customizable tools. Get ready to rock!
819 | When you cut ties to the past, new bonds form. Build relationships with other Yarnys in local co-op or as a single player, fostering friendship and support as you journey together.
820 | Firestone: Online Idle RPG is a multiplayer fantasy game with idle rpg mechanics. Collect heroes, upgrade their gear & skills, and send them in idle battles or go on an incremental clicker frenzy to beat monstrous bosses! Chat with guild friends or engage in PVP- the choice is in your hands!
"821 | Abandon all fear. Attack on Titan 2 is the gripping sequel to the action game based on the worldwide hit anime series ""Attack on Titan."""
822 | The world's first science-based photorealistic interactive 3D planetarium that models the entire Universe, using procedural generation for uncharted areas.
823 | Total War: SHOGUN 2 is the perfect mix of real-time and turn-based strategy gaming for newcomers and veterans alike.
824 | Relive the legendary single-player campaign from the classic first-person shooter, Crysis 2, optimized for today's hardware in Crysis 2 Remastered.
825 | Doloc Town is a cozy pixel-art farming simulation set in a post-apocalyptic world. Build your dream farm from scratch and explore this mysterious wasteland. Harvest, plant, build, and uncover the untold stories of this forgotten land!
826 | Reawakened from stasis in the occupied metropolis of City 17, Gordon Freeman is joined by Alyx Vance as he leads a desperate human resistance. Experience the landmark first-person shooter packed with immersive world-building, boundary-pushing physics, and exhilarating combat.
827 | A time travel adventure spanning two hundred years! Dive into the past with time agent Fia Quinn as she embarks on seven trips through time. History is up for grabs, from the speakeasies of Prohibition to the vicious gangs of the Gilded Age to the World Trade Center on September 10, 2001.
828 | Journey across space to the icy planet of Tau Volantis with Isaac Clarke and Sgt. John Carver to discover and destroy the source of the Necromorph outbreak.
829 | 1000xRESIST is a thrilling sci-fi adventure. The year is unknown, and a disease spread by an alien invasion keeps you underground. You are Watcher. You dutifully fulfil your purpose in serving the ALLMOTHER, until the day you discover a shocking secret that changes everything.
830 | DEEP ROCK GALACTIC: SURVIVOR is a single player survivor-like auto-shooter. Take on hordes of lethal aliens, mine riches, and unlock powerful upgrades to survive, as you wield the full arsenal of Deep Rock Galactic. It's one dwarf against all of Planet Hoxxes!
"831 | ""WELCOME TO THE PIONEER PROGRAM! As the newest recruit of Kindred Aerospace - The 4th best interstellar space exploration company - Your job is to determine if the planet ARY-26 planet is fit for humans. You may be short on equipment and experience, but you'll figure it out. Good luck!"
832 | Step into a living illustrated world in a time when Europe is at a crossroads of great religious and political change. Walk in the footsteps of Andreas Maler, a master artist who finds himself in the middle of murders, scandals, and intrigue in the Bavarian Alps.
833 | Roboquest is a fast FPS Roguelite in a scorched futureworld. You're a rebooted Guardian, ready to kick some metal ass! Fight with your buddy or by yourself and annihilate hordes of deadly bots in ever-changing environments.
834 | Breed them, feed them, listen to them sing! Create an island full of Singing Monsters, then watch your song evolve as you breed and upgrade them. Design and build unique decorations to make your world look just the way you want. You'll love exploring the wonderful fantasy land of the Monster World!
835 | Fantasy comes alive in this vast yet cozy free-to-play MMORPG! Choose between 4 classes and 8 subclasses, explore hundreds of locations, thousands of quests, dive into varied PvE and PvP modes, enter the unique vibrant world, and trade with other players. Play, explore, fight and be victorious!
836 | Into the Radius 2 is an immersive VR survival shooter, set in a realm of surreal landscapes and deadly entities known as Pechorsk Anomaly. Arm yourself with realistic weapons and venture deeper into the mysteries that lie within, either solo or with a friend by your side.
837 | LONESTAR is a strategic Roguelike spaceship deckbuilder. As a bounty hunter, you will capture criminals scattered across the universe. Win the shockwave battle to gain rewards and vacations. Find treasures, customize spaceships, unlock talents, defeat the felons and be a legend!
838 | Open your dream restaurant at FPP. Create a unique exterior and interior, hire the best workers and chefs, create a place where people will love to eat, spend time and spend their money. Simulation of the restaurant business.
839 | Your favorite marsupial, Crash Bandicoot™, is back! He’s enhanced, entranced and ready-to-dance with the N. Sane Trilogy. Relive all your favorite moments in Crash Bandicoot™, Crash Bandicoot™ 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot™ 3: Warped, now in fully-remastered graphical glory!
840 | Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora™ is a first-person, action-adventure game set in the Western Frontier. Reconnect with your lost heritage and discover what it truly means to be Na'vi as you join other clans to protect Pandora.
841 | Roll for initiative, take attacks of opportunity, manage player location and the verticality of the battle field in this Turn-Based Tactical RPG based on the SRD 5.1 Ruleset. In Solasta, you make the choices, dice decide your destiny.
842 | Used Cars Simulator - trade used or stolen cars, fix and customize them, drive around, and explore the open world! Grow your business, complete quests, and have fun with a physics-based sandbox!
843 | In his fight to climb the ranks and do what's right, LAPD detective Cole Phelps must unravel the truth behind a string of arson attacks, conspiracies, and brutal murders, battling the L.A. underworld and even members of his own department.
844 | Step back into a world of thought-provoking puzzles, philosophical intrigue, and breathtaking visuals with The Talos Principle: Reawakened - a first-person puzzle masterpiece for both new players and long-time fans alike.
845 | Contractors Showdown delivers adrenaline-fueled VR combat with two distinct modes: fast-paced Battle Royale and the immersive, tactical Exfil Zone. Customize your loadout, complete missions, and fight to survive in dynamic, high-stakes battles. Gear up, squad up, and dominate the VR battlefield!
846 | Take on the American motorsports scene as you explore and dominate the land, air, and sea across the entire USA. With a wide variety of cars, bikes, boats, and planes, compete in a wide range of driving disciplines.
847 | Kazuma Kiryu, the Dragon of Dojima, must face the ambitious Ryuji Goda, the Dragon of Kansai, in an all-out war between two rival yakuza clans. An extreme recreation of one of Yakuza’s most beloved entries, now in stunning 4K and unlocked framerates. There can be only one dragon.
848 | SEGA’s critically-acclaimed entry that started a legend. Become Kazuma Kiryu, an up-and-coming yakuza who takes the fall for the murder of a crime boss, only to emerge from prison ten years later to a changed world. Remastered from the ground up, now in 4K and uncapped framerates on PC.
849 | From Remedy Entertainment, the masters of cinematic action games, comes Quantum Break, a time-amplified suspenseful blockbuster. The Quantum Break experience is part game, part live action show—where decisions in one dramatically affect the other.
850 | Creating your own adorable anime character is a cinch! Use a robust suite of intuitive and precise tools to customize a character from the ground up, give her one of 30 different personality archetypes, and then get busy with a host of romantic options. Bring your dream waifu to laifu!
851 | Ferocious Alpine warfare will test your tactical skills in this authentic WW1 FPS. Battle among the scenic peaks, rugged valleys and idyllic towns of northern Italy. The Great War on the Italian Front is brought to life and elevated to unexpected heights!
852 | Enter the world of ATLYSS, a Singleplayer/Online RPG where you can fight with or against friends in a surreal world filled with creatures beyond comprehension. Customize and progress your character(s), complete quests, and discover strange locations.
853 | Caves of Qud is a science fantasy roguelike epic steeped in retrofuturism, deep simulation, and swathes of sentient plants. Come inhabit an exotic world and chisel through layers of thousand-year-old civilizations.
854 | Load up your Boltgun and unleash the awesome Space Marine arsenal to blast your way through an explosion of sprites, pixels and blood in a perfect blend of Warhammer 40,000, frenetic gameplay and the stylish visuals of 90’s retro shooters.
855 | Jill Valentine is one of the last remaining people in Raccoon City to witness the atrocities Umbrella performed. To stop her, Umbrella unleashes their ultimate secret weapon: Nemesis! Also includes Resident Evil Resistance, a new 1 vs 4 online multiplayer game set in the Resident Evil universe.
856 | In the direct sequel to the record-breaking Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II, Captain Price and Task Force 141 face off against the ultimate threat.
857 | Claw your way across exotic islands combining fluid movement with fast paced combat to become a Crab Champion in this third person roguelike shooter.
858 | Drop into the gripping journey of Aliens: Dark Descent, a squad-based, single-player action game in the iconic Alien franchise. Lead your soldiers in real-time to stop a new and terrifying kind of Xenomorph outbreak on Planet Lethe.
859 | An idle game about making cookies! Originally released in 2013 on the web, and actively developed since then. This is the official version for Steam.
860 | London, 1868. In the heart of the Industrial Revolution, lead your underworld organization and grow your influence to fight those who exploit the less privileged in the name of progress
861 | Embark on an epic adventure full of whimsy, wonder, and high-powered weaponry! Roll your own multiclass hero then shoot, loot, slash, and cast on a quest to stop the Dragon Lord.
862 | The LEGO® Harry Potter™: Collection brings LEGO® Harry Potter™: Years 1-4 and LEGO® Harry Potter™: Years 5-7 together in one game, now remastered with enhanced graphics.
863 | Aurelia is an erotic game set in a magic-filled medieval world. Play as a young man that becomes fatefully entangled with a mysterious magician. Explore the land, bedding exotic beauties along the way!
864 | Welcome to Myst: a starkly beautiful island, eerily tinged with mystery and shrouded in intrigue. Built from the ground up to play in 2D & VR, explore Myst in a whole new dimension! Journey to the Ages, unravel puzzles, and be a part of the surrealistic adventure that will become your own.
865 | The legendary mobile multiplayer FPS Pixel Gun 3D comes to PC! Experience an enhanced world of colorful, blocky action. Featuring dozens of game modes and maps, 1500+ guns plus cross-platform multiplayer and progression.
866 | A true, full-length open-world game for VR has arrived from Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim VR reimagines the complete epic fantasy masterpiece with an unparalleled sense of scale, depth, and immersion. Skyrim VR also includes all official add-ons.
867 | Decades after the events of ENDER LILIES, Homunculi — sorrowful, artificial life forms — roam the land. In this dark fantasy Metroidvania, face formidable enemies and explore a bewitching post-apocalyptic world. Humans and Homunculi — what awaits at the end of the quest for their salvation?
868 | Investigate murders, search for clues and talk to your classmates to prepare for trial. There, you'll engage in deadly wordplay, going back and forth with suspects. Dissect their statements and fire their words back at them to expose their lies! There's only one way to survive—pull the trigger.
869 | What turns a drug dealer into a drug lord? Find out in DDS2, a first-person co-op sim set in a dynamic open world. Make contacts, cook drugs, and manage your cartel on Isla Sombra, where power is the only law.
870 | Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies Kyrat, a country steeped in tradition and violence. You are Ajay Ghale. Traveling to Kyrat to fulfill your mother’s dying wish, you find yourself caught up in a civil war to overthrow the oppressive regime of dictator Pagan Min.
871 | This story takes place three years after the events of the previous game “Atelier Ryza: Ever Darkness & the Secret Hideout,” and depicts the reunion of Ryza and her friends, who go through new encounters and goodbyes to discover a true priceless treasure.
872 | Planet Coaster® - the future of coaster park simulation games has arrived! Surprise, delight and thrill incredible crowds as you build your coaster park empire - let your imagination run wild, and share your success with the world.
873 | Face the Lords of the Void and their endless minions, collect their Soulstones and become a god! In this Action Roguelite, unveil secret spells, craft mighty weapons, unlock multiple characters, discover game-breaking synergies and conquer the power of the void.
874 | Build a city to rule the world in Kaiserpunk, a grand city builder blending production-focused city building with the world conquest of strategy games in an alternate 20th century world. Manage your city, grow industries, build a military, and defeat rivals to become the greatest empire.
875 | HIGH ON KNIFE DLC OUT NOW!! - Humanity is being threatened by an alien cartel who wants to use them as drugs. It’s up to you to rescue and partner with charismatic, talking guns, take down Garmantuous and his gang, and save the world!
876 | Ghosts of Tabor is VRs only FPS PVP and PVE survival game where you will use your wits, skills and resources to survive. Inspired by games such as Escape from Tarkov and DayZ, featuring different scenarios from scavenging to looting and crafting. Will you survive long enough to make it out alive?
877 | Experience two unique adventures featuring both long-time heroes and new and returning villains as they battle for the fate of the world!
878 | Fight for the truth and uncover the twisted crime running deep beneath the surface of Tokyo. In this legal thriller , the balance between justice and mercy teeters on the edge.
879 | PlatinumGames’ universally acclaimed action masterpiece finally comes to PC. Experience the over-the-top stylish action in 60fps at unlocked HD resolutions. The definitive way to play: being bad never felt so good.
880 | Enjoy total freedom to fight the way you want. Explore 29 massive multiplayer maps and use loads of vehicles, weapons, and gadgets to help you turn up the heat. Every second of battle gets you closer to unlocking tons of extras and moving up in the Ranks. So get in the action.
881 | Rounds is a 1v1 rogue-lite shooter where each round gets more intense. The losing player of each round unlocks clever upgrades to create a better build to counter their opponent.
882 | Total War: ROME REMASTERED lets you relive the legacy that defined the award-winning strategy game series. Remastered to 4K with multiple improvements to visuals as well as refinements to gameplay, it’s time to revisit a true classic. Not everyone gets a second chance to conquer the Roman Empire.
883 | Prepare to be enchanted by a world where the choices you make and the paths you choose shape your destiny. Obsidian Entertainment, the developer of Fallout: New Vegas™ and South Park: The Stick of Truth™, together with Paradox Interactive is proud to present Pillars of Eternity.
884 | Inspired by the legacy of Paragon, built with love by the community, and powered by Unreal Engine 5, Predecessor is the ultimate fusion of shooter action and MOBA strategy. Join more than 2,000,000 players and play for FREE now!
885 | Choose one of four heroes and explore the Garden, an astral prison guarded by 12 powerful mystical bosses: the Zodiacs. Challenge them with dozens of unique spells and faithful friends by your side to unfold the story of this platform roguelite with lightning fast combat.
886 | Travel to Luma Island to go on an epic adventure by yourself or with your friends and family. Build your dream farm, master professions, collect magical Lumas, find treasures and unravel the mysteries of the island.
887 | Clean up ocean waste in this short & relaxing game! Recycle, earn coins and upgrade your boat. Explore new areas. Clean bigger spills and different kinds of waste!
888 | Build the park of a lifetime and rediscover the critically acclaimed rollercoaster simulation bestseller. Feel the thrill of a genre-defining classic, complete with two huge expansion packs.
889 | Neverwinter is a free, action MMORPG based on the acclaimed Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game. Epic stories, action combat and classic roleplaying await those heroes courageous enough to enter the fantastic world of Neverwinter!
890 | Ultimate Chicken Horse is a party platformer game where you build the level as you play, placing traps and hazards to screw your friends over, but trying not to screw yourself.
891 | Control of every dirty detail in this ultimate pleasure simulator — pose, play with your customized lovers in steamy, interactive sex scenes and explore your deepest desires!
892 | ENDLESS™ Space 2 is a Strategic Space Opera, featuring the compelling “just one more turn” gameplay, set in the mysterious ENDLESS™ Universe. As the leader of your civilization, will you impose your vision and build the greatest stellar empire?
893 | A sexy new sci-fi parody where you command your own starship filled with the hottest babes in the galaxy, who are ready to bring your fantasies to life in fully animated love scenes!
894 | Little Nightmares II is the second game in a series that has thrilled and captivated millions of players worldwide since 2017. Now it’s your turn to try to survive this critically acclaimed entry in the most charming horror series ever made.
895 | The Thaumaturge is a character-driven RPG with a rich story, morally ambiguous choices, and turn-based combat. In a city on the brink of change, use your mystical powers to read emotions, uncover motives, and command folklore-inspired demons — while resisting the temptation of your own pride.
896 | Rec Room is the best place to build and play games together. Party up with friends from all around the world to chat, hang out, explore MILLIONS of player-created rooms, or build something new and amazing to share with us all.
897 | Alone with the dead... Embalm corpses, banish demons, save your soul.
898 | Enjoy action-packed flashy combat with incredibly satisfying combos and responsive controls! Numerous characters, each with completely unique playstyles and loads of unlockable moves & upgrades! This action roguelike sets the bar for fluid fast-paced action.
899 | Men of War: Assault Squad 2 features new single player style skirmish modes that take players from extreme tank combat to deadly sniper stealth missions. Commanders can now faceoff against opponents on various new multiplayer 1v1 – 8v8 maps.
900 | Being a DIK is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel focusing on the fun parts of college life. The game is packed with humor, sex, romance, drama and a rich story. Play as a young male attending college at B&R and guide him through the experience.
901 | It’s time to join the Brotherhood.
902 | The original FINAL FANTASY V comes to life with completely new graphics and audio as a 2D pixel remaster! A remodeled take on the fifth game in the world-renowned FINAL FANTASY series! Enjoy the timeless story told through charming retro graphics.
903 | Live your best squirrel life. Explore, gather, craft, and build incredible treehouses in acres of beautiful parkland. Scurry across lawns, up trees, and leap limb to limb solo, or up to four friends can play together in co-op. Endless summer days of adventure await.
904 | Craft, Steal, Brawl and Escape! It’s time to bust out of the toughest prisons in the world as you return to the life of an inmate in The Escapists 2, now with multiplayer! Have you got what it takes to escape?
905 | Immerse yourself in an ultra-realistic environment that brings the challenges of air traffic control right to your fingertips. With brand-new lighting system, intuitive 2D graphical user interface (GUI), improved voice recognition, 9 airports included, Tower! Sim 3 sets a new gold standard.
906 | Big Ambitions is a revolutionary role-playing business sim. Go from nothing to the biggest entrepreneur in New York by opening small businesses or slowly building huge corporations any way you like.
907 | Call of Duty® returns to its roots with Call of Duty®: WWII - a breathtaking experience that redefines World War II for a new gaming generation.
908 | Lead humanity’s greatest weapon, the Grey Knights, in this fast-paced turn-based tactical RPG. Root out and purge a galaxy-spanning plague in a cinematic, story-driven campaign, using the tactics and talents of your own personalised squad of Daemonhunters.
909 | Prepare for the Future™ With Fallout 3: Game of the Year Edition, experience the most acclaimed game of 2008 like never before. Create a character of your choosing and descend into an awe-inspiring, post-apocalyptic world where every minute is a fight for survival.
910 | In this non-linear RPG, rule and expand the Empire of Varennes across multiple generations. Discover a vast array of story experiences as you fight the Seven Heroes in an epic battle that plays out over thousands of years.
911 | Hero's Adventure:Road to Passion is a wuxia open-world RPG. You will commence your journey as an underdog in the tumultuous Martial World and will be met with a wide array of choices as you navigate your own heroic saga.
912 | Play the fully-remastered Tony Hawk’s™ Pro Skater™ & Tony Hawk’s™ Pro Skater™ 2 games in one epic collection, rebuilt from the ground up in incredible HD.
913 | Vertigo 2 is a single-player VR adventure. Explore the depths of the vast Quantum Reactor as you descend to finish your journey home.
914 | XCOM 2 is the sequel to XCOM: Enemy Unknown, the 2012 award-winning strategy game of the year. Earth has changed and is now under alien rule. Facing impossible odds you must rebuild XCOM, and ignite a global resistance to reclaim our world and save humanity.
915 | Portal™ is a new single player game from Valve. Set in the mysterious Aperture Science Laboratories, Portal has been called one of the most innovative new games on the horizon and will offer gamers hours of unique gameplay.
916 | In Five Nights at Freddy’s: Security Breach, play as Gregory, a young boy who’s been trapped overnight inside of Freddy Fazbear’s Mega Pizzaplex. With the help of Freddy himself, Gregory must uncover the secrets of the Pizzaplex, learn the truth, and survive until dawn.
917 | Explore a stunning world, make complex moral choices, and engage in bone-crushing combat against massive and terrifying creatures. The Ultimate Edition includes Dragon Age: Origins, Dragon Age: Origins - Awakening and all nine content packs.
918 | A physics-based, realistic 3D sword-fighting game. Immerse yourself in a cinematic adventure, utilizing real sword-fighting martial arts and a variety of historically accurate weapons to survive brutal duels in 17th century Poland. Featuring single-player modes and a LOCAL 2-player mode.
919 | Mind Over Magic is a colony sim set at the site of a cursed magic school. Build and optimize your own magical academy, train powerful Mages, and master mighty relics in order to battle through the Underschool, a mysterious underground dungeon that holds the key to liberation from a deadly curse.
920 | NIGHT IN THE WOODS is an adventure game focused on exploration, story, and character, featuring dozens of characters to meet and lots to do across a lush, vibrant world.
921 | PICO PARK is back with all new levels! Play with 2-8 players locally or online in this co-op action-puzzle game!
922 | Old Market Simulator is a 1-4 player co-op game where you manage your market by ordering goods, growing produce, raising animals, fishing, and crafting items in your workshop, while hiring employees and expanding your business.
923 | rFactor 2 is a realistic, easily extendable racing simulation that offers race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer and the height of racing realism. It features mixed class road racing with ultra realistic dynamics, an immersive sound environment and stunning graphics.
924 | A tranquil exploration and photography experience set across a vast selection of faithfully detailed landscapes.
925 | Zombieville USA 3D is a stylized arcade shooter combining retro gameplay with strikingly polished visuals. Fight through an endless undead horde in the bleak hellscape of suburbia! Choose your weapons, grab a friend, and see how long you can survive.
926 | The RPG classic FINAL FANTASY VII returns to PC, now with brand new online features!
927 | CRISIS CORE -FINAL FANTASY VII- REUNION is a remaster of CRISIS CORE featuring updated graphics, combat systems and soundtrack. Follow the tale of SOLDIER operative Zack Fair, as he discovers the secrets of Shinra's dark experiments.
928 | Fallen heroes of old folk tales and legends: you are on the verge of a crucial battle against the Nightmare invading and corrupting your world. A roguelike action game from the creators of Curse of the Dead Gods©, playable solo or in online co-op.
929 | Enter the creative paradise of Scrap Mechanic! Build fantastic machines, go on adventures with your friends and defend against waves of evil Farmbots in this imaginative multiplayer survival sandbox. With Scrap Mechanic’s powerful creation tools you can engineer your own adventures!
930 | Authentic Star Trek adventure from former members of Telltale Games. Engage in diplomacy, pilot shuttlecraft, and use your tricorder and phaser to overcome challenging puzzles and deadly threats. Tough decisions will impact relationships, your story, and the fate of the galaxy. What will YOU do?
931 | The Dragon Ball RPG of your dreams! For the first time, you can play the rest of the story. Step into the universe of Dragon Ball Z in all its iconic glory and become the hero you were always meant to be!
932 | Five new games: the hit threequel Quiplash 3, the collaborative chaos of The Devils and the Details, the fierce drawing game Champ’d Up, the speech game Talking Points and the guessing game Blather 'Round. Use phones or tablets as controllers and play with up to 8 players, and an audience of 10,000!
933 | PICO PARK is a cooperative local/online multiplay action puzzle game for 2-8 players.
934 | Build your own vehicles or download one of the more than 200,000 creations already uploaded to the Workshop and experience the dynamic driving and destruction physics of Brick Rigs!
935 | Halo Wars: Definitive Edition is an enhanced version of the real-time strategy classic, Halo Wars, updated to run natively on PC. Halo Wars: Definitive Edition includes improved graphics, new achievements and all of the DLC created for the landmark real-time strategy game.
936 | Dread Delusion is an open world RPG brimming with strange places and dark perils. Carve your own path through the flying continents of a shattered land. Discover curious towns, unearth occult secrets, master powerful magic - and change the world through your choices.
937 | EVE Online is a free-to-play community driven space MMO where players can choose their own path from countless different options. Experience space exploration, immense PvP and PvE battles, mining, industry and a thriving player economy in an ever-expanding sandbox.
938 | Welcome to Disney Speedstorm! Drift into the ultimate hero-based combat racing game, set on high-speed circuits inspired by Disney and Pixar worlds. Master each character’s unique skills and claim victory in this thrilling arcade racing experience from the creators of the Asphalt series!
939 | The classic first person shooter from Crytek is back with the action-packed gameplay, sandbox world, and thrilling epic battles you loved the first time around – now with remastered graphics optimized for a new generation of hardware.
940 | Explore a dense, interconnected labyrinth, and unravel its many secrets. Collect items to manipulate your environment in surprising and meaningful ways. Encounter beautiful and unsettling creatures, as you attempt to survive what lurks in the dark. There is more than what you see.
941 | Sifu is a realistic third-person brawler with tight Kung Fu combat mechanics and cinematic martial arts action embarking you on a path for revenge.
942 | Sengoku Dynasty is the ultimate feudal Japan experience: build villages, grow your community, and shape the open world through combat or economy. The choice is yours alone - or that of up to 4 players in multiplayer co-op!
943 | Hunt and eat other fish - simply, grow into larger beasts!
944 | Lead the Mobile Infantry in this RTS game set in the Starship Troopers film universe. Balance your army composition with a diverse set of unit types, overcome line-of-sight and line-of-fire challenges through tactical positioning, and use special abilities to smash the Arachnid hordes!
945 | In this award-winning puzzle adventure game, play as the Traveler on a quest to reunite the Peoples of the Tower. Observe, listen, and decipher ancient languages in a fascinating universe inspired by the Myth of Babel.
946 | A choose-your-own-path where failing is more fun than succeeding.
947 | You wake up in a strange cabin deep in a mysterious forest, axe in hand, with only one way forward—through. Chop trees, sell logs, purchase and upgrade gear, and uncover the secrets hidden deep in the forest.
948 | Brutal, crazy, tactical… this is BLOOD BOWL! The iconic death sport returns with the new video game of fantasy football faithfully using the latest board game rules and new content. Create your team, then crush, mulch and cheat your way to the top... leaving your opponents in the graveyard.
949 | An immersive sandbox detective stealth game set in a fully simulated sci-fi noir city of crime and corruption. Think like a private investigator and take on jobs to earn cash on your path to catching a serial killer. If you don’t catch them - they will kill again…
950 | The threequel to the party game phenomenon features the deadly quiz show Trivia Murder Party, the say-anything sequel Quiplash 2, the surprising survey game Guesspionage, the t-shirt slugfest Tee K.O., and the sneaky trickster game Fakin’ It.
951 | Kick Some Brick in I through VI! Play through all six Star Wars movies in one videogame! Adding new characters, new levels, new features and for the first time ever, the chance to build and battle your way through a fun Star Wars galaxy on your PC!
952 | Become the ultimate shape-shifting weapon!
953 | Amateur or experienced FPV pilot, learn or improve your skills on Uncrashed,the new ultra realistic FPV simulator. Simulate your own FPV drone with settings based on real values and you will have the same feeling as a real flight without the risk of breaking your drone !
954 | SimRail is new, advanced railway simulator. Master high-speed long-distance EMU, heavy freight hauls and suburban trains. Travel 500 km of geodetic-data based real routes. Become train dispatcher and control the traffic according to the schedule or cooperate with other players on multiplayer mode.
955 | Channel your inner witch! Build your cozy chicken-legged hut, practice witchcraft, and forage for ingredients in autumnal woodlands. Solve quests & uncover the great mysteries of the legendary witch Baba Jaga…
956 | Rise of Eros is the world's first AAA adult mobile game, produced in a realistic 3D style with full 360-degree angles that reveal characters' delicate facial features and every inch of their bodies. Start your very own adventure replete with love and sex, stunning goddesses, and dazzling combat.
957 | Wrangle the hands and arms of a 1970s space cosmonaut and push, pull and twist your way through an increasingly precarious range of physically simulated stellar scenarios, where without gravity, nothing is still, nothing is secure, and nothing is simple.
958 | A new kind of detective game that allows you to think and investigate freely. Discover clues surrounding 12 strange and gruesome deaths and build your own theory. Pick your suspect, deduce the motive, unmask the awful truth.
959 | Return to the Calvard Republic and unravel the mystery of the crimson beast! One day, a shocking series of murders set the wheels of fate into motion once again. Chaos looming on the horizon, the spriggan Van Arkride receives an unexpected visitor. Who is behind the murders, and what is their goal?
"960 | In ""Dale & Dawson Stationery Supplies,"" play as a Manager, Specialist, or Slacker in an office setting. Slackers blend in, mimicking Specialists to avoid the Manager's suspicion. Uncover or cause deception to win."
961 | Recycling Center Simulator is a business simulator game with a first person view. Make money from garbage, collect raw materials for your recycling center from different locations, recycle them, make money by producing new products and improve your factory.
962 | Lovecraftian Doctor Simulator. Diagnose patients by analyzing unsettling symptoms and treat them using your Book of Medicine. Make moral choices — decide who to save or kill, discover whom to trust, and unlock multiple endings! Can you endure 30 days of perilous decisions?
963 | KARDS, The World War II Card Game, combines traditional CCG gameplay with innovative mechanics inspired by classic strategy games and real battlefield tactics. Take command and challenge other players in grand-scale warfare on the ground, air, or seas.
964 | Slay to the rhythm of metal and vengeance on an infernal journey through the eight Hells. Make them fear the beat. Metal: Hellsinger is a rhythm FPS bursting with demons, badass weapons, and heavy metal music.
965 | SpellRogue is the ultimate tactical turn-based roguelike! Draft from over 350 powerful spells to assemble the perfect combination and crush your enemies in 70+ unique encounters. Face brutal choices, adapt to impossible odds, and strike back at the horrors that destroyed the world.
966 | Gather coins, build defenses and reclaim your fallen Kingdom. Explore and uncover secrets, unlock new technologies and protect your crown versus waves of Greed monsters that come at night. Kingdom is a solo or co-op micro-strategy and tower defense game set in an atmospheric pixel world.
967 | UNDECEMBER is a Hack & Slash Action RPG in which players are able to surpass the conventional limits of skills by endlessly combining variety of Skill and Link Runes. Become a Rune Hunter and experience the joy of farming and growth!
968 | IXION is an unrelenting, city-building odyssey across the stars. As Administrator of the Tiqqun, DOLOS’ prototype space station, you are tasked with balancing preservation and exploration as you manage infrastructure, resources and crew. Can you keep the flame of humanity alight in the cold dark?
969 | Cook and serve your dishes, design and decorate your restaurants, and expand your culinary kingdom with new unlocks, abilities and dishes in procedurally-generated locations. Classic cooking action with permanent roguelite progression. Hire your friends - or do it all yourself!
970 | Empire Club. The most luxurious bar that ladies and gentlemen come and gather. The beautiful maids who worked there danced and talked with the customers to amuse them.
971 | Total Conflict: Resistance is a unique symbiosis of global strategy, tactics and first-person action. Realistic mass battles, many types of armored vehicles, weapons, uniforms, unique mechanics, immersive free gameplay. Lead any state and bring it to greatness!
972 | Towerborne is a new kind of Looter Brawler, combining side-scrolling combat with action RPG loot progression and endless customization. Unite with other Aces and defend the Belfry, humanity’s last refuge. Explore, fight, and grow stronger – together.
973 | Discover the magic and lore of the Alps in this acclaimed Action Adventure. Forge relationships with locals to help you solve puzzles, battle monsters and uncover secrets of the legendary Dungeons of Hinterberg!
974 | Ezio Auditore walks in the footsteps of the legendary mentor Altair, on a dangerous journey of discovery and revelation.
975 | Grow your own farm all by yourself, or cooperate with your friends in the long awaited sequel to the cozy, relaxing farming experience!
976 | MILF's Plaza is an erotic visual novel with a non-linear plot in a unique 2D style! The main character, full of ambition and eager for thrills, is ready to do anything to find his place in the sun. But his life is only turning out to be more complicated...
977 | Plan, design, build, and decorate your dream house in an open-world. Smash walls, sketch your layout, then build and decorate every inch—inside and garden. In an open world, tackle each renovation solo or with up to 4 friends. Pick up that hammer and start creating - Your dream house is waiting!
978 | Welcome to Crush Crush - the Idle Dating Sim! Meet, flirt, and fall in love with a motley cast of girls in this heartfelt and hilarious game.
979 | Virtua Fighter 5 R.E.V.O. takes the gameplay of Virtua Fighter 5 and raises it to new levels! Rollback Netcode support, gorgeous 4K visuals and additional content make it the best version of this legendary game ever.
980 | Become the Blade that Destroys Demons!
981 | Carrier Command 2 is the real-time strategy game that puts you in command of a futuristic carrier capable of deploying a vast array of aircraft and amphibious units. Compete against AI or human players and hop into every single vehicle to take matters into your own hands!
982 | You wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you.
983 | Climb into the driver's seat of your car and your business, transport passengers across Barcelona and grow your company! Can you help relieve the transportation challenges of a city that never sleeps?
"984 | You are Wendigo. A hard-hearted contract killer tasked with annihilating a fanatical cult. With your trusted arsenal at the ready, experience what has been called ""The most violent game in VR"". EARLY ACCESS includes RAID, ARENA and SANDBOX modes with a story campaign and much more on the way."
985 | A new tactics RPG from the team who brought you the Bravely series and Octopath Traveler. An epic tale, brought to life with stunning HD-2D graphics. Make difficult decisions in this story set against a backdrop of the war-torn continent of Norzelia.
986 | Sonic Mania is an all-new adventure with Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles full of unique bosses, rolling 2D landscapes, and fun classic gameplay.
987 | Blast your way through an interdimensional adventure with Ratchet and Clank – now on PC! Help them take on an evil emperor from another reality as you jump between action-packed worlds and beyond at hyper-speed!
988 | Dolls Nest is a 3D action game where you can customize mecha girls and explore a ruined world. As a Frame Unit, your adventure will pit you against the gigantic autonomous factory world of Hod. Overcome obstacles using the parts at your disposal and uncover the mysteries that lie at its center.
989 | Miles Edgeworth's dramatic turnabouts take center stage! Experience both Ace Attorney Investigations games in one gorgeous collection! Investigate crime scenes and solve tough, intriguing cases through logic and deduction. When Edgeworth's past and present collide, his future begins!
990 | PANICORE is a survival horror game that mixes permadeath, AI monsters and a co-op experience up to 5 players (4 players in demo). Try to escape and don't get caught, but beware: they don't only hear your steps, but also your voice.
991 | Darkest Dungeon is a challenging gothic roguelike turn-based RPG about the psychological stresses of adventuring. Recruit, train, and lead a team of flawed heroes against unimaginable horrors, stress, disease, and the ever-encroaching dark. Can you keep your heroes together when all hope is lost?
992 | Mini Motorways is a strategy simulation game about designing the road map for a growing city. Build a traffic network, one road at a time, to create a bustling metropolis. Redesign your roads and place your motorways to get everyone where they need to go. How long can you keep the city moving?
993 | Use your newly-acquired genderbending abilities as a 'FlipWitch' to conquer evil monsters, giant bosses, and Monster Girls across the land! You'll have to use your wits in this quirky adventure to seduce everyone around you!
994 | The mega-hit RPG, FINAL FANTASY VIII returns! This Steam® version features new graphical enhancements and a whole host of options to customise your gameplay experience.
995 | In a vibrant undersea kingdom on the verge of collapse, a hermit crab embarks on a treasure hunt to buy back his repossessed shell. The second game from AGGRO CRAB.
996 | Developed in cooperation between Square Enix and Team NINJA (Koei Tecmo Games), STRANGER OF PARADISE FINAL FANTASY ORIGIN is a hard-core action RPG that takes the FINAL FANTASY series in a new direction. Experience the boldest and most merciless battles in FINAL FANTASY history.
997 | Gang Beasts is a silly multiplayer party game with surly gelatinous characters, brutal slapstick fight sequences, and absurd hazardous environments, set in the mean streets of Beef City.
998 | Slap your way across a vibrant world where interstellar friendships are the key to your survival. Befriend eccentric aliens, craft bizarre weaponry, and stick it to the man in this sequel to the award-winning open world crafting RPG Crashlands.
999 | DEVOUR is a co-op horror survival game for 1-4 players. Stop possessed cultists before they drag you to hell. Run. Scream. Hide. Just don't get caught.
1000 | Welcome to San Francisco. Play as Marcus, a brilliant young hacker, and join the most notorious hacker group, DedSec. Your objective: execute the biggest hack of history.
1001 | Stream by day, prank by night, and build your fame in this RPG adventure game! As IRL streamer Laika, create content, earn subscribers, and expand your skills. Explore the city and risk it all to entertain your growing audience. Show them what they actually want to see...
1002 | Live with the ever-present burden of being trapped in a time loop only you can know about in this turn-based RPG. Create a better future for you and your friends. Find hope where there is none left. Pray to the stars and free yourself from time.
1003 | Hunt the military-industrial complex across stylish comic book micro-sandboxes in this fast-paced covert revenge thriller FPS from the developers of El Paso, Elsewhere.
1004 | The Outer Worlds is an award-winning single-player RPG from Obsidian Entertainment and Private Division. As you explore a space colony, the character you decide to become will determine how this player-driven story unfolds. In the colony's corporate equation, you are the unplanned variable.
1005 | The spriggan known as Van Arkride, an underground professional, accepts any job, acting as detective, negotiator, or bounty hunter. Dive into the Trails series' latest chapter with intense combat, beautiful visuals, and a new alignment system in Calvard!
1006 | America, 1961. The assassination of Nazi General Deathshead was a short-lived victory. The Nazis maintain their stranglehold on the world. You are BJ Blazkowicz, aka “Terror-Billy,” member of the Resistance, scourge of the Nazi empire, and humanity’s last hope for liberty.
1007 | Rejoice in the glory of battle in GORN 2, a massive sequel to Free Lives' brutal VR gladiator simulator.
1008 | Rise to the challenge in Granblue Fantasy Versus: Rising! This powered up, revamped sequel to GBVS is more enjoyable and accessible than ever before. With simplified input options, even newcomers can engage in thrilling and strategic matches!
1009 | From the perilous battlefields of the fourth-grade playground, a young hero will rise, destined to be South Park’s savior. From the creators of South Park, Trey Parker and Matt Stone, comes an epic quest to become… cool. Introducing South Park™: The Stick of Truth™.For a thousand years, the battle has been waged.
1010 | Command the seas, control the land, forge a new nation, and conquer the globe.
1011 | Pax Augusta is probably the most authentic ancient city-building simulation. Build flourishing cities and look after your citizens. Earn gold with production and trade of goods and build impressive monuments. Strengthen your influence and become a Roman emperor!
1012 | Become the new owner of a hunting lodge nestled among gorgeous habitats and rich animal populations. Explore vast open world environments and hunt with a premium selection of firearms. Enjoy the perfect hunt on your own or with friends in co-op.
1013 | Roleplaying in the ruins of interplanetary capitalism. Live the life of an escaped worker, washed-up on a lawless station at the edge of an interstellar society. Inspired by the flexibility and freedom of TTRPGs, explore the station, choose your friends, escape your past and change your future.
1014 | Stick Fight is a physics-based couch/online fighting game where you battle it out as the iconic stick figures from the golden age of the internet.
1015 | Fallout Shelter puts you in control of a state-of-the-art underground Vault from Vault-Tec. Build the perfect Vault, keep your Dwellers happy, and protect them from the dangers of the Wasteland.
1016 | They Are Billions is a Steampunk strategy game set on a post-apocalyptic planet. Build and defend colonies to survive against the billions of the infected that seek to annihilate the few remaining living humans. Can humanity survive after the zombie apocalypse?
1017 | Take the role of a plane crash survivor stranded somewhere in the Pacific Ocean. Come face to face with some of the most life threatening scenarios that will result in a different experience each time you play. Scavenge. Discover. Survive.
1018 | Wildermyth follows heroes over their whole careers, from their pitchfork days to their powerful primes, and on into old age and memory. It’s a party-based procedural storytelling RPG where tactical combat and story decisions will alter your world and reshape your cast of characters.
1019 | In Viscera Cleanup Detail, you step into the boots of a space-station janitor tasked with cleaning up after various horrific sci-fi horror events. Instead of machineguns and plasma-rifles, your tools are a mop and bucket. That hero left a mess, and it's up to you to deal with the aftermath.
1020 | An epic story of family, vengeance and conspiracy set in the pristine, yet brutal, backdrop of a Renaissance Italy. New low price!
1021 | In this colorful action roguelite, participate in the festivities organized for the pleasure of the warrior god. Equip your best weapons, prove your valor against powerful monsters, and permanently engrave your name in history!
1022 | Sunset Overdrive transforms an open-world apocalypse into your tactical playground. Zip, grind and wall-run across Sunset City with an unconventional arsenal. Hyper-agility, unique weapons, and customizable abilities deliver an explosive and irreverent adventure in the end times.
1023 | Find yourself trapped alone in a room with a ticking time bomb. Your friends have the manual to defuse it, but they can't see the bomb, so you're going to have to talk it out – fast!
1024 | You've finally made it to the dead-end mining town of Scarlet Hollow, North Carolina, where your aunt is dead, your cousin hates you, and something otherworldly stalks you from the shadows. You won't be able to save everyone. You might not even be able to save yourself. Welcome home.
1025 | Crime Boss: Rockay City is a 1-4 player co-op FPS heist game with enjoyable stealth and epic killing spree combat. Featuring a solo roguelike campaign that combines FPS and strategy elements with the most hilariously cheesy voice acting that make you laugh.
1026 | Take over the world in RISK: Global Domination, the iconic strategy board game with 100+ original and classic maps and millions of players
1027 | From the independent studio that brought you Contrast, We Happy Few is an action/adventure game set in a drug-fuelled, retrofuturistic city in an alternative 1960s England. Hide, fight and conform your way out of this delusional, Joy-obsessed world.
1028 | You are Hawke, a refugee seeking to escape the darkspawn-plagued land of Ferelden and become Champion of Kirkwall. Rise to power and fight epic battles while making decisions that determine the course of civilization.
1029 | Lead armies, rebuild fallen kingdoms, and rise to greatness in Songs of Silence. Embark on an epic journey through an Art Nouveau-inspired fantasy world with intense battles and captivating storytelling!
1030 | KARMA: The Dark World is a first-person cinematic psychological thriller set in a dystopian world where the Leviathan Corporation is omnipresent. The year is 1984, the place is East Germany, and things are not quite what they seem.
1031 | Greetings sire! Your stronghold awaits you. Build a castle economy, besiege unforgettable villains and return to the 'castle sim' that started it all. Experience this classic RTS with upgraded visuals, modernised gameplay, Steam multiplayer and a new campaign.
1032 | Set sail into the vibrant open world of Skull and Bones, a naval online action RPG where you rise to become the most fearsome pirate kingpin. Customize your fleet, craft unique ships, and forge formidable weapons to dominate in exhilarating sea battles.
1033 | Spark your competitive soul with Asphalt Legends UNITE and feel the collective heartbeat of the road! Join forces with other players to speed through intense arcade races, perform jaw-dropping stunts, and charge towards victory while driving the finest hypercars!
1034 | A new cast of 16 characters find themselves kidnapped and imprisoned in a school. Inside, some will kill, some will die, and some will be punished. Reimagine what you thought high-stakes, fast-paced investigation was as you investigate twisted murder cases and condemn your new friends to death.
1035 | Wild Woods is a couch co-op game full of action, teamwork and woodland critters. One to four players take on the role of brave little cats defending their wooden wagon on its way through a dangerous forest. Clever cooperation is key - their way is full of obstacles!
1036 | A turn-based tower defense with deep roguelike progression, set in ever-expanding, procedurally generated biomes. Build, farm and defend your village as you push deeper into goblin-infested territory. Unlock powerful upgrades and craft your environment to survive the endless goblin horde.
"1037 | This ""spaceship simulation roguelike-like"" allows you to take your ship and crew on an adventure through a randomly generated galaxy filled with glory and bitter defeat."
1038 | Monster Hunter Stories is an RPG that takes the world of Monster Hunter and expands upon it in new and exciting ways! No longer are you hunting monsters, but raising them! In this deep story featuring heroes known as Monster Riders, you will live alongside monsters and form lifelong bonds with them.
1039 | SurrounDead is an open world survival game. Taking place in a world ravaged by an apocalyptic catastrophe. The dead reign free and will stop at nothing to kill you.
1040 | Build and manage a medieval graveyard while facing ethical dilemmas and making questionable decisions. Welcome to Graveyard Keeper, the most inaccurate medieval cemetery sim of the year.
1041 | These are troubling times, Your Grace. The petitioners’ petty matters exceed our limited resources, to say nothing of the war. A careful balance must be struck. Your throne awaits.
"1042 | Successor to the roguelike RPG ""Elona"". Adventure, survival, crafting, home-building, myths passed down, and stories of humans and Elea spun. What scars will you leave on the land of Ylva?"
1043 | The original FINAL FANTASY IV comes to life with completely new graphics and audio! A remodeled 2D take on the fourth game in the world-renowned FINAL FANTASY series! Enjoy the timeless story told through charming retro graphics.
1044 | Return to Monkey Island is an unexpected, thrilling return of series creator Ron Gilbert that continues the story of the legendary adventure games.
1045 | Lost at sea 1803 ~ The good ship Obra Dinn.
1046 | Tomb Raider explores the intense origin story of Lara Croft and her ascent from a young woman to a hardened survivor.
1047 | Pavlov vr is a multiplayer shooter in VR with heavy focus on community features. Realistic reloading features and fast paced combat as part of the core experience. Play the #1 most popular VR shooter on PC today.
1048 | Alice: Madness Returns is a third-person, single-player, action adventure platformer. Visit the grim reality of Victorian London and travel to the beautiful yet ghastly Wonderland to uncover the root of Alice's madness.
1049 | Fear & Hunger is a horror dungeon crawler set in the dark and hopeless dungeons of fear and hunger. The game is a hybrid of survival horror and dungeon crawler genres with its influences ranging from Silent Hill to Nethack. There are roguelike elements to the game as well as a heavy foundation of a j-RPG.
1050 | The original FINAL FANTASY III comes to life with completely new graphics and audio! A remodeled 2D take on the third game in the world-renowned FINAL FANTASY series! Enjoy the timeless story told through charming retro graphics.
1051 | All of Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War in one glorious package. Play the genre-defining classic real time strategy game in all its blood-soaked glory, including four complete campaigns and nine full-fledged factions.
1052 | A game that will show gamers the deepest, darkest side of the Force in a story that puts them on a collision course with Luke Skywalker himself.
1053 | Sephiria is a top-down action rogue-lite game with pixel graphics. Go down the tower, meet various animals, and collect various talismans and artifacts to become stronger.
1054 | Vanquish an onslaught of monsters in this 3D action survivorslike from the creators of Blood West. Take control of Mirah to defend your homeland from a living hunger, wield powerful weapons and abilities, and save others from the advancing hordes.
1055 | Might makes right in the wild wood! The award-winning board game of asymmetrical woodland warfare comes to cross-platform digital play! Combine subtle strategy and bold daring to guide your forest faction to victory!
1056 | Nightingale is an open world survival crafting game, where you’ll adventure across the mysterious and dangerous Fae Realms. As a daring Realmwalker, you’ll defeat monstrous enemies, survive hostile environments, and build elaborate estates in a visually stunning Gaslamp Fantasy world.
1057 | A roguelite monster-management simulation inspired by the likes of the SCP Foundation, Cabin in the Woods, and Warehouse 13. Order your employees to perform work with the creatures and watch as it unfolds; harness greater energy, and expand the facility
1058 | BALLIONAIRE is a fast-paced, kinetic roguelike where strategy meets physics to create outrageous wealth! Find and exploit game-breaking synergies as you theorycraft your way to victory. Welcome to the autobonker genre!
1059 | Who's Your Daddy is a casual multiplayer game featuring a clueless father attempting to prevent his infant son from certain death. Play with up to 7 of your friends, and test your parenting skills in a competitive setup with wacky physics and over 69 potentially ominous household items.
1060 | Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® II drops players into an unprecedented global conflict that features the return of the iconic Operators of Task Force 141.
1061 | A new political Party has won a landslide in the General Election, and for some reason the editor at the news station you work at has done a runner. Now it’s up to you, the Janitor, to take over the editing booth in this tumultuous time - will you help the government, or stand in their way?
1062 | Destroy endless waves of alien ships that have all but wiped out humanity in this long form, unfolding, sci-fi idle game. Customize your ship with different weapons and defenses to defeat specific enemy types and utilize a ton of different systems to increase your overall power.
1063 | Panzer Corps 2 is the ultimate Second World War strategy game! Enjoy the time-proven gameplay formula which has been appreciated by millions of players over the years, brought to a whole new level of refinement up to the latest technical standards.
1064 | Gear up for tactical mech action in War Robots: Frontiers, a free-to-play multiplayer mech shooter. Construct and customize, squad up with Pilots online, and fire up your engines in massive intergalactic battles.
1065 | This Long Term Strategy Game lets you take control of the armed forces of your nation. Become responsible for its military expansion, technological research and economic development. Form alliances and wage total war for global dominance on the battlefields of World War 3.
1066 | Investigate an infamous cold case in the eerie, abandoned town of Painscreek. Search for evidence, connect the dots and uncover who killed Vivian Roberts. Can you expose the truth behind this town’s dark secrets?
1067 | A School Prefect has been pushed out of a window, and everyone's blaming YOU. Can you find the culprit - or someone to take the fall - before you get EXPELLED? Mystery with a wicked twist, from the creators of Overboard!, 80 Days, Heaven's Vault and A Highland Song.
1068 | The Thing: Remastered is a faithful restoration of the cult-classic 2002 third-person survival horror shooter game inspired by Universal Pictures’ genre-defining 1982 film, The Thing
1069 | Collect and sell geckos. Manage and upgrade your shop. Explore the island, filled with life and secrets. Sell your geckos, or keep 'em as your Pets!
1070 | Bring more than your fists to the fight! Featuring all-new battle mechanics and characters, SOULCALIBUR VI marks a new era of the historic franchise. Welcome back to the stage of history!
1071 | Battle your way through a seedy tavern filled with gambling addicted townspeople in this Blackjack Roguelike Adventure. From aces and face cards to tarot cards, business cards and more, create your unique deck to beat the house.
1072 | Heart-pounding and hilarious multiplayer FPS fun. Trust your senses and overcome your fears as you’re armed with a flashlight and a revolver, then set against your friends in a pitch-black mansion with immersive proximity chat and surprises around every corner.
1073 | Dash into a stylish and thrilling action-adventure platformer set in a mythological Persian world where the boundaries of time and space are yours to manipulate.
1074 | You both awaken imprisoned inside the sinister Castle Rock - were you betrayed, or simply not that clever? Find out in the greatest co-op puzzle adventure in the We Were Here Series! Do you and your partner have what it takes to face the dark forces of this realm or will you be trapped… forever?
1075 | Escaping a deadly sacrificial ritual, you find an ancient mystical mask on your journey. This mask holds potent knowledge, changing the world you knew. Face the harsh challenges of nature, survive, rally followers, and build your own tribe. Explore and unveil the truths behind the enigmatic mask.
1076 | Discover the dark secrets of a lawless island ruled by violence and take the fight to the enemy as you try to escape. You’ll need more than luck to escape alive!
1077 | Can you mix a cocktail while eye-to-eye with a criminal? Find out in Best Served Cold, a murder mystery set in a bustling speakeasy where you serve customers, make friends and enemies, and solve crimes. At the Nightcap bar, prohibition is a killer… and so are some of your customers!
1078 | BREAK THE CYCLE Fight to survive as this award-winning third-person shooter brings Selene’s story to PC. Take on roguelike challenges. Engage enemies in bullet hell-fuelled clashes. Share your journey through Returnal™ with another player.
1079 | DRAGON BALL FighterZ is born from what makes the DRAGON BALL series so loved and famous: endless spectacular fights with its all-powerful fighters.
1080 | Peglin is a Pachinko Roguelike - Fight enemies by collecting special orbs and popping pegs to deal damage. Acquire special relics that radically change the game and ensure no two runs are the same. Aim carefully to survive in this unique turn-based RPG!
1081 | Complete your Total War collection with this Definitive Edition of Total War: NAPOLEON, which includes all DLC and feature updates since the game’s release
1082 | From Valve (the creators of Counter-Strike, Half-Life and more) comes Left 4 Dead, a co-op action horror game for the PC and Xbox 360 that casts up to four players in an epic struggle for survival against swarming zombie hordes and terrifying mutant monsters.
"1083 | This is the anti-visual novel. Instead of playing as some guy magically able to score with beautiful anime girls, YOU play the anime girl and create mass chaos in the lives of your potential ""suitors"". Earnest comedy, social accuracy, and late 2000's aesthetic await you in Class of '09!"
1084 | Collect awesome monsters to use during turn-based battles in this open-world RPG, now with online multiplayer mode. Combine any two monster forms using Cassette Beasts’ Fusion System to create unique and powerful new ones!
1085 | With stunning, realistic horses, an in-depth breeding system, and a range of exciting game modes, Rival Stars Horse Racing offers horse fans the ultimate racing and riding experience. Take the reins and become an equestrian legend!
1086 | F&H 2: Termina is oppressive, relentless and hopeless. A mix of jRPG and Survival Horror. Turn-based combat meets resource management. 3 days to explore the wicked town of Prehevil and find out about its dark secrets. 3 days until the pale and sickly green moon rises at its apex. Termina is upon us!
1087 | Take control of the train which will become your haven on the rails. Collect resources, craft equipment, construct a cozy house on railway cars, and travel through the carefully handcrafted locations to explore the story of a zombie apocalypse world.
1088 | Lead your noble family in this medieval colony sim, facing off against class conflict, religious struggle, and political treachery. Tend to your people’s needs, uncover the lost knowledge of a fallen empire, and engage in nefarious plots against your enemies.
1089 | As of December 4, 2016, the online services portion of Batman: Arkham Origins has been retired. We thank those that have joined us to battle. The Single player campaign may still be played and enjoyed offline. For any questions relating to Batman: Arkham Origins, please contact WB Games customer service.
1090 | Infinite Warfare delivers three unique game modes: Campaign, Multiplayer, and Zombies.
1091 | Granado Espada, the long-standing MMORPG beloved in dozens of countries around the world for its unique control system that allows you to take the role of up to 3 different characters simultaneously! Now available in English to Southeast Asia players, from imcgames.
1092 | Captain Blood is a pirate-themed action game where you play as a fearsome pirate seeking gold and glory. Expect adventures with cannon firing, pistol shooting, swashbuckling sword fights, and plenty of pirate shenanigans. This hack'n'slash features fierce combat, hordes of enemies and flashy combos.
1093 | Set forth in a co-op roguelite deckbuilder where every choice matters! Craft decks of breathtaking power. Journey alone or with up to three friends. Plot your party’s path to glory and face powerful enemies in deep tactical combat on your quest to save the kingdom of Senenthia in Across the Obelisk!
"1094 | ""Monster Prom 2: Monster Camp"" brings you more of the world's best (and maybe only?) multiplayer dating sim; but in a way you've never expected!"
1095 | CARRION is a reverse horror game in which you assume the role of an amorphous creature of unknown origins, stalking and consuming those that imprisoned you.
1096 | Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number is the brutal conclusion to the Hotline Miami saga, set against a backdrop of escalating violence and retribution over spilled blood in the original game.
1097 | Wolfenstein®: The New Order reignites the series that created the first-person shooter genre. Wolfenstein offers a deep game narrative packed with action, adventure and first-person combat.
1098 | Craft your culinary adventure in a beautiful pixel art world. Manage your restaurants, forage and hunt for ingredients, befriend locals, and grow your culinary empire. What kind of chef will you be?
1099 | Peripeteia is a first-and-third-person role-playing stealth game taking place in alt-history cyberpunk Poland. Inspired by immersive sims from Ion Storm and Looking Glass Studios, Peripeteia expands on the formula with new ideas and an original setting.
1100 | Jabberwock Island—You and your classmates were ready for fun in the sun until Monokuma returned to restart his murderous game! Trapped in a kill-or-be-killed situation, your only hope rests in solving the island’s mysteries.
1101 | VA-11 HALL-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a booze em' up about waifus, technology, and post-dystopia life.
1102 | Episode 1 now FREE! Life is Strange is an award-winning and critically acclaimed episodic adventure game that allows the player to rewind time and affect the past, present and future.
1103 | The Great War is over - the fight continues. Command a legion of soldiers, desperately trying to make their way home amidst the chaos of civil war. Lead them through the unforgiving wilderness onboard an armored train. Manage your crew and resources and try to survive.
1104 | Uncover a story of intrigue, betrayal, and a civilization teetering on the brink of collapse as you solve intricate puzzles to unlock the secrets of Riven. Built from the ground-up and expanded from the award-winning original game released in 1997.
1105 | City Car Driving – realistic car driving simulator, which will help you master the basic skills of the car driving in various traffic conditions, with plunging into the environment most closely resembling the real one.
1106 | Play the original three Tomb Raider adventures with all expansions and secret levels in this definitive collection.
1107 | It's time to say hello to your old pal, Fred. Arizona Sunshine® 2, the next-gen sequel to the fan-favorite VR apocalypse, packs even more gore-geous zombie action! And what's better than braving the end of the f*cking world alone? Surviving it with your new best friend--Buddy.
1108 | Lead your band of mercenaries in the land of Gloomhaven, work with unsavoury individuals, shape the fate of the region, fight your way through horrific places and get rich or die trying in this ruthless Tactical-RPG.
1109 | EVERSPACE 2 is a fast-paced single-player spaceship shooter with exploration in space and on planets, tons of loot, RPG elements, mining, and crafting. Experience an exciting sci-fi story set in a vivid, handcrafted open world full of secrets, puzzles, and perils.
1110 | Hack, slash, and smash your way to victory in this award winning 2D arcade adventure from The Behemoth!
1111 | Welcome to your new summer job at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, where kids and parents alike come for entertainment and food! The main attraction is Freddy Fazbear, of course; and his two friends. They are animatronic robots, programmed to please the crowds!
1112 | A forgotten Daedric Prince has returned, bringing chaos to West Weald! Explore a new zone and defend the city of Skingrad, now beset by a dangerous Daedric cult and the jungles of Valenwood. Customize your skills like never before with the new Scribing system.
1113 | Grab your best bud for help in this new co-op challenge to help two adorable penguins, Bread and Fred, reach the top of the snowy summit. Time your jumps, cling to walls and swing across gaps to see how far you can make it before you tumble all the way back down the mountain.
1114 | Build by day, defend by night! Kingdom's Deck is a card-based city builder where you build and protect your Kingdom from the enemy siege. Build your deck, deploy your cards wisely, defend your walls, manage your resources, and respond to various events that will shape your Kingdom!
"1115 | Live a week in the life of ""The POSTAL Dude""; a hapless everyman just trying to check off some chores. Buying milk, returning an overdue library book, getting Gary Coleman's autograph, what could possibly go wrong?"
1116 | Play a third-person, story-driven game set in alternative Russia at the turn of the XIX century where religious visions clash with harsh reality. INDIKA tells the story of a young nun who sets off on a journey of self-discovery with the most unusual companion by her side, the devil himself.
1117 | Hotline Miami is a high-octane action game overflowing with raw brutality, hard-boiled gunplay and skull crushing close combat.
1118 | Final Fantasy XIII is a fantasy RPG in which a band of brave humans struggle against fate in the utopian sky city of Cocoon and the primeval world of Pulse. Follow stylish heroine Lightning's fast paced battles and high adventure in a mysterious new world.
1119 | This game is a port of the Games for Windows - Live version that was released in 2009. If you buy the Untold Stories Bundle here on Steam, it will be the same as upgrading to Resident Evil 5 Gold Edition.
1120 | HERO'S LAND is an MMO PVPVE game where survival isn't just a goal—it's a necessity. Monsters and enemies are out to get you, making every encounter a potential ambush. Fight for glory, and welcome to a world where strategy and courage are your greatest assets.
1121 | The chainsaw-wielding cheerleader Juliet Starling returns in Lollipop Chainsaw RePOP!
1122 | Coffee & Boobs is a 2D visual novel about a cozy coffee shop where the staff is hotter than a morning espresso. Help the hero fulfill his dream - to become the greatest barista and brew the kind of coffee that will make any date a success!
1123 | There will be challenges to overcome. Execute your strategy and improve your colony’s chances of survival while unlocking the mysteries of this alien world. Are you ready? Mars is waiting for you.
1124 | Besiege is a physics building game about constructing mechanical machines to annihilate armies, obliterate castles and overcome challenging obstacles. Conquer the campaign or skirmish with friends in Multiplayer!
1125 | You are poor and bald. Get to Work.
1126 | Set off on a quest for the Great White Birds in a mysterious land full of secrets! Answer the call of exploration as you travel to Amerzone, a forgotten Latin American country, to fulfill the last wishes of a late explorer.
1127 | Five Nights at Freddy’s: Help Wanted is a collection of classic and original mini-games set in the Five Nights universe. Experience the horror in flat (non-VR) mode or VR. Oculus Rift and HTC Vive are supported. A VR Headset is NOT required to play.
1128 | MudRunner is the ultimate off-road experience putting the players in the driver seat and dares them to take charge of incredible all-terrain vehicles, venturing across extreme Siberian landscapes with only a map and compass as guides!
1129 | When a dark secret brings a loan shark, a death-row inmate, a corrupt cop and the legendary yakuza Kazuma Kiryu together the resulting war in Kamurocho might level the district to the ground.
1130 | Follow the steps of Riley - a girl who is trying discover her sexuality and unreveal her fantasies. She takes on the role of a waitress in a bar, engages in activities with an elderly neighbor, has streaming adventures with his grandson... and that's just the tip of the mountain!
1131 | Step into Japan's criminal underworld in this explosive action brawler starring legendary yakuza, Kazuma Kiryu, who is hellbent on unraveling the truth around his daughter's tragic accident.
1132 | A couch/online game where you battle your friends with unique and wild abilities. There are many choices such as a shrink ray, creating black holes, stopping time and attaching a rocket engine to the stage to send it flying. Choose a combination that synergizes well to win the round!
1133 | Are you looking for that classic MMORPG vibe? Whether you're a minmaxer strategizing every detail for maximum efficiency, a savvy fashion collector in search of the most stunning outfits, or even someone who enjoys the journey of casual leveling, Celtic Heroes opens its gates to you!
1134 | The best just got better! Rediscover your engineering creativity in this genre-defining bridge engineering and puzzle solving masterpiece.
"1135 | ""Slaves of Rome"" is a new adult sex game with strong BDSM elements. Play a slave trainer in ancient Rome - buy slaves, teach them the right way to F#$k a Roman!"
1136 | Survive, hunt and prey in the deadly jungles and swamps in distinctly new and thrilling first person gameplay.
1137 | An open-ended factory management game with RTS and tower defense elements.
1138 | Wage a global war of resistance against an alien invasion. Command turn-based tactical battles, build a network of covert bases, directly control your fighter wings, and achieve strategic victory in a simulation of asymmetric warfare against a technologically superior foe.
1139 | The original FINAL FANTASY comes to life with completely new graphics and audio! A remodeled 2D take on the first game in the world-renowned FINAL FANTASY series! Enjoy the timeless story told through charming retro graphics.
1140 | Arms Trade Tycoon: Tanks is a unique combination of tank design and tycoon game. It puts you in charge of an arms trading company specialized in tanks from WWI to the modern era. Research, design, sell and follow your tanks in battle to make your own history!
1141 | Tank Force - the coolest free online tank shooter! This is a new word in online tank battles, which combines the best qualities of a tank simulator and thrilling arcade battles.
1142 | The Past Within is the new co-op experience from Rusty Lake! Play together with someone you deem trustworthy: one in The Past, the other in The Future. Observe and communicate what you see around you. Solve the puzzles and uncover Albert Vanderboom’s plan.
1143 | In Midnight Paradise you play as a college dropout who has nothing to lose and everything to prove! Compete against your rival on the path to riches, power and for the hearts of the sexiest girls! But beware, the people around you are keeping secrets. Can you find out the truth before it's too late?
1144 | TMNT Splintered Fate - Unleash the Turtles in a rogue-like quest to rescue Splinter from the Foot Clan! Master ninja skills, unite in bodacious co-op gameplay, and conquer iconic NYC locales.
1145 | Necrophosis is a first-person horror adventure, plunging you into a nightmarish realm teeming with grotesque forms and ominous visuals. Delve into eerie landscapes and uncover secrets in this atmospheric journey through the macabre.
"1146 | The classic multi-award winning adventure ""Broken Sword - the Shadow of the Templars"" returns with glorious 4K visuals and iconic remastered audio, pitching intrepid American George Stobbart and fearless journalist Nico Collard into a journey of perilous adventures and ancient conspiracies."
1147 | It's a lovely morning in the village and you are a horrible goose.
1148 | A new adventure awaits you in this second installment of the turn-based RPG series set in the world of Monster Hunter! Become a Rider and form bonds with friendly monsters known as Monsties to fight alongside them as you take part in an epic story.
"1149 | In this roguelike action-adventure, control humanoid ""Labor"" and giant ""Arms"" to uncover the mysteries of the world. Create fully-customizable robots, strengthen them, and take down hordes of enemies!"
1150 | gogh: Focus with Your Avatar is more than a focus tool – it’s a cozy blend of avatar creation, room design, and virtual pet game. Build your perfect space, vibe with Lofi beats, and let your cute avatar and quirky companion turn work into pure fun!
1151 | FreshWomen is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel focusing on the best parts of life. Become a freshman attending Minerva Bay College, romance girls and solve a mysterious incident. Your journey will be filled with comedy, drama, and lots of sex.
1152 | Dungeon Alchemist is mapmaking software for tabletop RPG's that enables you to make amazing, high-quality maps in seconds!
1153 | Kazuma Kiryu has earned his retirement on the sandy beaches of Okinawa. But when a deadly power struggle arrives on his doorstep, he’ll have to walk the streets of Kamurocho to escape his past for good. Complete The Dragon of Dojima’s journey.
1154 | Democracy 4 lets you take the role of President / Prime minister, govern the country (choosing its policies, laws and other actions), and both transform the country as you see fit, while trying to retain enough popularity to get re-elected...
1155 | Unleash your creativity and strategic prowess in Forts, the exhilarating physics-based RTS! Design, construct, and customize imposing fortresses, bristling with devastating firepower, and blast your opponent’s buildings to rubble!
1156 | Pro Wrestling Sim is a text-based pro-wrestling booking simulator. Control a wrestling promotion, decide your roster, and create storylines, feuds and matches where the winners and losers are in your hands.
1157 | BONEWORKS is an Experimental Physics VR Adventure. Use found physics weapons, tools, and objects to fight across dangerous playscapes and mysterious architecture.
1158 | Don’t Starve is an uncompromising wilderness survival game full of science and magic. Enter a strange and unexplored world full of strange creatures, dangers, and surprises. Gather resources to craft items and structures that match your survival style.
1159 | Survive the Zombies War in this RPG game of Apocalypse and Survival
1160 | To know a language, know the world, and finally know you.
1161 | The latest opus in the acclaimed STORM series is taking you on a colourful and breathtaking ride. Take advantage of the totally revamped battle system and prepare to dive into the most epic fights you’ve ever seen !
1162 | An open-world RPG, set in the Golden Age of Caribbean piracy. Embark on a 200-hour-long adventure, plunder cities and ships, explore the unknown, discover treasures, forge friendships, earn bounties on your head, and charm the ladies on your path to ultimate freedom!
1163 | Play solo or co-op with up to 5 players to find oil, store crude, refine fuels, and sell them at gas stations and shop. Dig for gems and fossils, upgrade your gear, lease new land, and dominate the city as the biggest oil supplier!
"1164 | ""Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends"" introduces entirely new levels of fun to the refreshing gameplay vanquishing swarms of enemies with mighty warriors found in ""Dynasty Warriors 8."""
1165 | Slay hordes of terrifying monsters in this horde survival roguelite. Descend into the Halls of Torment where the Lords of the underworld await you. Treasures, magical trinkets, and a growing cast of heroes will grant you the power to vanquish these horrors from beyond. How long can you survive?
1166 | The post-apocalyptic dark comedy is back - remastered and even more radioactive than before! Scavenge supplies, rescue your family, and stay alive in your fallout shelter. Make difficult decisions, hunt mutant roaches... and maybe survive. Or not.
1167 | Paint the Town Red is a chaotic first person melee combat game set in different locations and time periods. The voxel-based enemies can be punched, bashed, kicked, stabbed and sliced completely dynamically using almost anything that isn't nailed down.
1168 | Hunt or be hunted in this asymmetrical multiplayer shooter that pits man against Predator. As part of a Fireteam, complete missions before the Predator finds you. Or be the Predator and hunt your prey.
1169 | You have 3 weeks to get a date for Monster Prom! Go through absurd and funny situations, raise your stats and seduce one of your classmates. Beautiful art, bold, unapologetic dialogue and hard choices make up this Multiplayer (1-4 players) Dating Sim. Be your worst self.
1170 | Explore a beautiful, vast and ruined world riddled with dangers and lost technologies.
1171 | Explore the anarchy of a post-apocalyptic world controlled by a Dictator, pick your side of the conflict, build your reputation, create a religious cult around yourself and shape destinies in an 18+ visual novel with RPG elements! Discover the Carnality INC. universe in Sex Desert: Mad Lust!
"1172 | ""Romantic Escapades"" is an ancient Chinese love simulation game. Through the development of the plot, players gradually develop relationships with various beauties in the game, and then gradually develop deeper and deeper intimate relationships."
1173 | Embark on a thrilling journey in a high-stakes, turn-based tactics game. Lead an elite squad in a fictional, dystopian Eastern European country as you unravel a conspiracy threatening the state. Navigate intense strategic battles and adapt to ever-evolving challenges to prevail.
1174 | Feel the thrill of the chase and the rush of escape behind the wheels of the world’s hottest high-performance cars in Need for Speed™ Hot Pursuit Remastered– a heart-pumping, socially competitive racing experience.
1175 | Get ready for a Yakuza experience of unprecedented scale! Follow five characters across five Japanese cities, each trying to achieve their dream. The connections between them bring them together, but the conflict that unfolds is nothing any of them could have predicted.
1176 | A game I made for a certain kind of person. To hurt them.
1177 | Vampire®: The Masquerade-Bloodlines™ delivers a new type of RPG experience-one that blends all the core elements of a traditional RPG with the graphical richness, immediacy and brutal combat of a first-person action game. The game plunges players into the dark and gritty vampire underworld of modern-day L.A. as a creature of the night.
1178 | Master your technique, execute flashy combos, and outsmart opponents across the world, frame-by-frame. Slow down the clock to fine-tune your fighting style in this innovative, turn-based combat simulator. Pulverize your friends and choreograph spectacular fight scenes. No training mode required.
1179 | In This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle.
1180 | For its 10 year anniversary, Titan Quest will shine in new splendour. This Anniversary Edition combines both Titan Quest and Titan Quest Immortal Throne in one game, and has been given a massive overhaul for the ultimate ARPG experience.
1181 | Earth has fallen. Science and the Occult have united forces to brace for the arrival of the Eldritch. But will the efforts against this strange, alien race be enough? Play as one of many Proximae used to help defend humanity in this turn-based, roguelike, intergalactic deck builder.
1182 | Fight epic, towering creatures while blending magical abilities with an arsenal of powerful weapons to keep the world from crumbling in this third-person, action-adventure game.
1183 | With over 1000 km² of complete freedom from sky to seabed, Rico Rodriguez returns to unleash chaos in the most creative and explosive ways imaginable.
1184 | Build a civilization of real people, working together to advance society and stop a meteor, all without destroying the ecosystem in the process.
1185 | A magical adventure about two high school sweethearts set at the end of their school days - and the end of the world. Explore a crumbling town and help friends face their inner demons, which could be the key to stopping reality itself disintegrating. And don’t forget to pet the cats.
1186 | Dungeon Clawler is a Roguelike Claw Machine Deckbuilder. Build your deck, grab weapons and items from the claw machine to battle enemies, discover powerful perks that create game-changing synergies and unleash crazy combos as you fight your way through the dungeon!
1187 | Defend against waves of alien attackers in this innovative roguelike survival miner. Dig for resources and choose from powerful upgrade paths. Is there enough time to mine a little deeper and get back to defend before the monsters attack your dome?
1188 | Relive Half-Life.
"1189 | Using Unreal Engine 5 to significantly enhance graphic expression, this is the definitive version of ""NINJA GAIDEN 2,"" featuring additional playable characters and enhanced battle support functions."
1190 | Settle your homestead on this beautiful alien planet with the help of a powerful mech. Build, explore, plant crops, raise animals, gather and manage resources, meet neighbors, and make a place to call your own.
1191 | Developed by Kojima Productions and PlatinumGames, METAL GEAR RISING: REVENGEANCE takes the renowned METAL GEAR franchise into exciting new territory with an all-new action experience. The game seamlessly melds pure action and epic story-telling that surrounds Raiden – a child soldier transformed into a half-human, half-cyborg ninja who...
1192 | Embark on a chilling co-op adventure in The Other Side, an action packed horror experience. Customize your gear, strategize with friends, and uncover paranormal mysteries. Are you prepared to face the unknown together in this immersive supernatural experience?
1193 | Get ready for a new beginning with the upcoming 2025 season, official riders and tracks, a renewed gameplay thanks to Unreal Engine 5, and much more!
1194 | Launch into the Borderlands universe and shoot ‘n’ loot your way through a brand new adventure that rockets you onto Pandora’s moon in Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel!
1195 | Discover unrivalled sniping freedom in the largest and most advanced World War 2 shooter ever built. Experience tactical third-person combat, gameplay choice and epic longshots across gigantic levels as you liberate wartime Italy from the grip of Fascism.
1196 | Assassin's Creed™ is the next-gen game developed by Ubisoft Montreal that redefines the action genre. While other games claim to be next-gen with impressive graphics and physics, Assassin's Creed merges technology, game design, theme and emotions into a world where you instigate chaos and become a vulnerable, yet powerful, agent of...
1197 | Dorfromantik is a peaceful building strategy and puzzle game where you create a beautiful and ever-growing village landscape by placing tiles. Explore a variety of colorful biomes, discover and unlock new tiles and complete quests to fill your world with life!
1198 | Descenders is extreme downhill freeriding for the modern era, with procedurally generated worlds, and where mistakes have real consequences. Will you lead your team to glory and become the next legendary Descender?
1199 | Hordes of Hel is a gripping roguelike horde-survivor game set in the dark realms of Norse Mythology. Fight waves of enemies to earn divine blessings of ancient Viking Deities, explore hostile worlds and face powerful bosses. Become a god-like warrior in this ultimate showdown.
1200 | Ship of Fools is a seafaring cooperative roguelite. Set sail, man the cannons and battle sea monsters through the tempestuous seas of the Archipelago. Are you fool enough to stop the Aquapocalypse?
1201 | Counter-Strike: Source blends Counter-Strike's award-winning teamplay action with the advanced technology of Source™ technology.
1202 | Take the Infernal Throne in this hellish turn-based grand strategy game. The Prince of Darkness has vanished, leaving Archfiends to conspire: muster your legions while intoning dark sorceries, devilish schemes, and machiavellian plots. Who will be the new ruler of Hell and ascend the Throne?
1203 | Go all-in on fun and fortune! Welcome to the official MONOPOLY Poker game, the ultimate Texas Hold’em poker experience with a board game twist! Step into a world where online poker meets property-building, and every poker hand brings you closer to building your own empire.
1204 | Command: Modern Operations is the next generation in cross-domain modern wargaming. It enables you to simulate every military engagement from post World War II to the present day and beyond. The scale is primarily tactical/operational, although strategic scale operations are also possible.
1205 | PLAY, CREATE, PARTY! Tower Unite is a community-based virtual world party game with online games, entertainment, activities, and absolutely NO microtransactions.
1206 | Three years after the Necromorph infestation aboard the USS Ishimura, Isaac Clarke awakens from a coma, confused, disoriented, and on a space station called The Sprawl. Explore this world and its zero-g environments to discover the truth about the Unitology and its role in the Necromorph epidemic.
1207 | Kingdoms and Castles is a city-building simulation game about growing a kingdom from a tiny hamlet to a sprawling city and imposing castle. Make trade agreements, alliance, and war with neighboring AI controlled kingdoms. Each villager and resource is individually simulated.
1208 | Carnal Instinct is an Adult RPG with an emphasis on AAA quality visuals and compelling erotic interaction. You enter the world of Sabu a slave, but will forge your own destiny and shape the world itself in this realm of ancient gods, mythical creatures, and boundless lust.
1209 | Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a supernatural assassin driven by revenge. With Dishonored’s flexible combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal.
1210 | Embark on an exciting journey with Golf It! Seize your putter, rally your friends, and immerse yourself in an epic minigolf adventure. Conquer countless courses, create lasting memories, and refine your skills to emerge as the ultimate minigolf champion. Your thrilling golfing odyssey begins here!
1211 | Restore a crumbling occult library by a winter sea. Build the world’s foremost collection of grimoires and arcana. Master the invisible arts. BOOK OF HOURS is a narrative crafting RPG set in a 1930s world of hidden gods and secret histories. What sort of Librarian will you choose to be?
1212 | War hero Vito Scaletta becomes entangled with the mob in hopes of paying his father’s debts. Vito works to prove himself, climbing the family ladder with crimes of larger reward and consequence.
1213 | Grand strategy wargame where the destiny of Civilizations rests in your hands - will they stand united under your leadership or fall divided in conflict? Journey through the entire saga of human civilization, from its earliest days to the futuristic era, crafting your legacy age by age.
1214 | ENDER LILIES is a dark fantasy 2D action RPG about unraveling the mysteries of a destroyed kingdom. On this sorrowful journey, encounter horrific enemies against whom a moment of inattention could be fatal. Overcome these hardships and seek the truth with the help of fallen knights.
1215 | The Troop is a turn-based, platoon-level tactical game set in WW2. From the early hours of D-Day to Falaise, play as British and Canadian or German forces in desperate fighting across Normandy.
1216 | Embark together on your fantasy adventure! Set hundreds of years in the future on the distant planet of Aida, the shared open-world RPG, anime-infused sci-fi adventure Tower of Fantasy now is officially available on Steam.
1217 | Battle hordes of yokai in this masocore Action RPG. Create your protagonist and embark on an adventure through a myriad of locales across Japan during the Sengoku period. Utilize the new Yokai Shift ability to defeat even the most ferocious yokai and be prepared to brave through Dark Realms created by your enemies.
1218 | Blending action and survival horror, Resident Evil 6 promises to be the dramatic horror experience of 2013.
1219 | TaleSpire is a beautiful way to play pen and paper RPGs online. Bring your stories to life and embark upon campaigns together with your friends, regardless of where you are in the world.
1220 | LEAD the CULT OF CTHULHU. Decide the fate of your followers, perform eldritch rituals, and master the art of city-building in a world where the line between sanity and madness blurs. Can you endure the horrors you unleash?
1221 | Congratulations! You just found a 'one of a kind' roguelike that combines deck-building card game and auto battle strategy game! Consider unit counters, then create powerful synergy by breaking down the boundaries between the battlefield and cards, then lead your army to victory!
1222 | If I say there’s an hour “hidden” between one day and the next... would you believe me? Master the power of the heart, Persona, and uncover the tragic truth of the Dark Hour.
1223 | A collection of ticket redemption arcades with realistic physics, a carnival, goofy robots, open world design, a global ranking system and silly prizes. Featuring 50+ modern inspired arcade machines and a pawn shop to keep money in your pocket. The Coin Game is made by a solo developer.
1224 | MOBA BR MEETS HERO SHOOTER. Jump, glide, shoot, punch, bounce, nuke, spike your enemies in this free-flowing, chaotic battleground in the sky. Face off in all-out, multi-squad teamfights, take down boss monsters for big loot, get that W and run it back.
1225 | Replicube is an open-ended programming puzzle game/toy about writing code to replicate 3D voxel-based objects.  Solve puzzles, pursue leaderboard glory, or just make art to share with the in-game community.
1226 | The multiplayer supermarket has arrived to your neighbourhood for free! Stock your shop space, unlock perks and franchises, hire employees or chase those pesky shoplifters. The more players, the more action!
1227 | Developed by id Software, and originally released in 1993 and 1994, the definitive, newly enhanced versions of DOOM + DOOM II are available as a combined product.
1228 | Fight your way through a mysterious dungeon in this deck-building, turn-based roguelike game where you don't use cards, but dice! Deal with enemies by combining powerful dice on your board, boost their effects with magical relics, and risk it all hoping for a good roll on unexpected encounters.
1229 | Mudborne is a casual nature management sim about discovering & breeding frogs! Awoken from hibernation you find your pond abandoned. Through the genetic keys of new species you must unlock the paths between the waking & dreaming worlds, and embark on a journey to restore lost populations.
"1230 | ""Magicraft"" is a Roguelike game that uses a variety of spells to match unimaginable spell effects, and the construction of ultra-high degrees of freedom cannot even be exhausted by developers."
1231 | Fight through Mordor and uncover the truth of the spirit that compels you, discover the origins of the Rings of Power, build your legend and ultimately confront the evil of Sauron in this new chronicle of Middle-earth.
1232 | The classic adventure returns! Baldur’s Gate: Enhanced Edition includes the original Baldur’s Gate adventure, the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion, and all-new content including three new party members.
1233 | Chrono Ark is a singleplayer roguelike that combines elements from deckbuilders and party-based RPGs. Recruit, train, and build a team of unique Investigators to restore the Twisted World!
1234 | Embark on a relaxing yet challenging journey to manage your own supermarket. Grow organic crops, care for your animals, and sell products to your customers. Build and expand your shelves. Can you transform your supermarket into an empire?
1235 | Control the confident, sexy Karryn as she becomes the new Chief Warden in the notorious all-male prison in this RPG. Go manage the prison and its inmates, but can you also manage Karryn's ever rising desires? Experience the true adult game that fully marries adult elements into all gameplay!
1236 | Arcadia has changed, but its gorgeous ponies haven’t. In this eroge, explore a new world, unlock over 40+ explicit scenes, and romance 25+ unique girls, all eager to share their deepest desires with you. Where will you begin in this new world?
1237 | Japan’s beloved puzzle game series Puyo Puyo and the world-renowned Tetris® game franchise have teamed up again to deliver even more Puyo-popping and Tetrimino-clearing fun in Puyo Puyo Tetris 2.
1238 | The world of coach drivers awaits you! Drive along motorways and country roads to the bus stations in over 40 cities in Germany. Thanks to the cooperation with FlixBus and true-to-the-original MAN buses, you will experience the game world in a realistic way.
1239 | Canvas of Kings is a minimalistic mapmaking tool that focuses on randomness and auto-generated elements on user-definable and interactive paths, plots and rooms.
1240 | An inadvertent brush with the mob thrusts cabdriver Tommy Angelo into the world of organized crime. Initially uneasy about falling in with the Salieri family, the rewards become too big to ignore.
1241 | LEGO® Marvel™ Super Heroes features an original story crossing the entire Marvel Universe. Players take control of Iron Man, Spider-Man, the Hulk, Captain America, Wolverine and many more Marvel characters as they unite to stop Loki and a host of other Marvel villains from assembling a super-weapon capable of destroying the world.
1242 | Shape the history of the Hollywood movie industry in this sandbox business simulation game. Create the movies you've always wanted to see, hire the best team, research cutting-edge technologies, and dominate the Box Office. Can you rise from a small studio to a Hollywood giant?
1243 | Survival of your people - that's the only thing that matters. Become the leader of a newly founded Viking settlement and lead it to safety and glory. Gather, build, craft, hunt, raid and follow your Gods to endure hardships of nature and save your clan from violent destruction.
1244 | Take on the electrician role and learn the profession's basics! Install sockets, repair worn-out equipment, assemble broken appliances, replace light bulbs, and lay wires at your customers' homes. Be sure to check everything twice, with electricity there are no jokes!
1245 | Conquer the city, discover the Infinity! Infinity Kingdom is a cartoon-style mmo strategy game. As a resourceful lord, you must defend the land of Norheim against the evil gnomes while protecting yourself from other invading players!
1246 | Experience two tales woven in a world of watercolor graphics.
1247 | The world’s raddest cars are back and taking the fun to the next level! Race over 130 vehicles with crazy new mechanics and even more vehicle types. Plus, build your tracks with stunning new environments and different game modes to have fun off and online!
1248 | Transformice is an MMO platformer about dozens of mice running to bring back the cheese! Will the almighty Shaman help you or just ruin everything? Millions of levels, hectic physics, skill trees, and more importantly... hats!
1249 | The new action-thriller from the award-winning team at Infinity Ward, the creators of the Call of Duty® series, delivers the most intense and cinematic action experience ever. Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare arms gamers with an arsenal of advanced and powerful modern day firepower and transports them to the most treacherous hotspots...
1250 | Eiyuden Chronicle: Hundred Heroes is designed to bring players a modern take on a classic JRPG experience. Get ready to lead 100+ playable characters through a war-torn world only you can save.
1251 | Embark on an unique and unforgettable journey and guide Sable through her Gliding; a rite of passage that will take her across vast deserts and mesmerizing landscapes, capped by the remains of spaceships and ancient wonders.
1252 | DICEOMANCER is a roguelike deck-building game. Though you long for a peaceful life, you're forced to embark on an adventure. In this world of swords, magic, and guns, make good use of your dice and deck to find a way back to tranquility! What can the dice be used for? To change... anything.
1253 | RaceRoom is the premier free-to-play racing simulation on PC and home to official race series like DTM, WTCR, the WTCC and ADAC GT Masters. Enter RaceRoom and enter the world of a professional race car driver.
1254 | Stoneshard is a challenging turn-based RPG set in an open world. Experience the unforgiving life of a medieval mercenary: travel across the war-torn kingdom, fulfill contracts, fight, mend your wounds and develop your character without any restrictions.
1255 | Join forces with the psychic Director of the Urban Myth Dissolution Center and solve a variety of cases involving cursed relics, rental properties with shady histories, and dimensional anomalies. Monstrous oddities and otherworldly planes abound in this occult mystery adventure game!
1256 | Fantasy Map Simulator: Create and watch imaginary worlds evolve over centuries. Design maps, simulate nations, and control destinies. See empires rise and fall on your desktop wallpaper. A unique simulation for history buffs and creative minds.
"1257 | This is a free-to-play team battle action game based on the ""Mobile Suit Gundam"" series of the Universal Century. Whether by land or by space, lay waste to your foes using either your favorite Mobile Suit or roam the battlefield as infantry and capture important objectives."
1258 | The Book of Yog is a 3D idle RPG game presented with a Cel-Shading art style. You can rally heroes, develop the kingdom and explore the secrets of a lost world. Dozens of heroes, hundreds of skills, thousands of loot for you to combine freely. Come to embark on a journey to build the strongest team!
1259 | Make your stand against the collapse of society in the ultimate zombie survival-fantasy game. Explore an open world full of dangers and opportunities that respond to your every decision. Recruit a community of playable survivors, each with their own unique skills and talents.
1260 | It is four thousand years before the Galactic Empire and hundreds of Jedi Knights have fallen in battle against the ruthless Sith. You are the last hope of the Jedi Order. Can you master the awesome power of the Force on your quest to save the Republic? Or will you fall to the lure of the dark side?
1261 | Build twisting mazes with tetromino blocks and deploy unique towers in this engaging roguelite tower defense game!
1262 | You are a Bigfoot hunter with an important mission: to put an end to rumours once and for all and prove to yourself that Bigfoot is not just a myth or an invention of the mind...
1263 | Explore, adapt, and survive in Undawn, a free-to-play open-world survival RPG for mobile and PC developed by LightSpeed Studios and published by Level Infinite. Embark on an adventure with other survivors four years after a worldwide disaster where hordes of infected roam a shattered world.
1264 | The Talos Principle 2 is a thought-provoking first-person puzzle experience that greatly expands on the first game's philosophical themes and stunning environments with increasingly mind-bending challenges.
1265 | Wage war against players around the world with an unstoppable arsenal of powerful armored combat vehicles. Use 300+ vehicles to engage in furious PvP tank combat, complete co-op missions, and crush your enemies on breathtaking maps, from scorching deserts to neon-drenched urban jungles.
1266 | Hypercharge is a first and third-person shooter action figure game you've always dreamed of! Grab your friends, complete objectives, defend the Hypercore against waves of weaponized toys, and defeat Major Evil together in the story campaign!
1267 | A satirical spy-fi lair builder where YOU are the criminal mastermind! Construct your base, train your minions, defend your operations from the Forces of Justice, and achieve global domination!
1268 | Build and grow your very own computer repair enterprise as you learn to diagnose, fix and build PCs. With real-world licensed components and comprehensive hardware and software simulation, you can plan and bring your ultimate PC to life.
1269 | Zero Hour is a tactical FPS with online team-based game play that takes place in a variety of fictional locations interpreted in Bangladesh with Real-life scale & resource management. It brings a grounded, close quarter combat experience to the game.
"1270 | The supreme ""WARRIORS OROCHI"" experience is here! The definitive installment of the ""WARRIORS OROCHI 4"", featuring all the content of the WARRIORS OROCHI 4: The Ultimate Upgrade Pack, is available now."
1271 | Tactics Ogre, crown jewel of the tactical role-playing genre, is reborn! Based on the 2010 release, the game features improved graphics and sound, as well as updated game design, bringing to life a new Tactics Ogre that remains true to its roots.
1272 | This survival game is packed with features including crafting, exploring, building, excavation, farming, fishing, capturing creatures, torture, battle, and a story with many forks along the way. The objective is to escape the island, but is that really your only choice?
1273 | You and your fellow railroaders are the lifeblood of your railroad, just like it is the lifeblood of the communities it serves. Switch cars at industries. Keep people moving while running local passenger trains. Run trains with a purpose in transition era Appalachia – in Railroader!
1274 | Roll a boulder up a hill with your friends in this Online Co-op adventure based off the ancient Myth of Sisyphus.
1275 | Same sick burns, same smoldering attitude, now all scaled up in stunning HD, Spyro is back in the Spyro™ Reignited Trilogy! Rekindle the fire with remastered versions of the original three games, Spyro™ the Dragon, Spyro™ 2: Ripto's Rage! and Spyro™: Year of the Dragon.
1276 | Race of Life is an adult visual novel. You play as Jake Miller, a divorced Professor who has taken up teaching after his past mistakes cost him his lucrative job and his marriage. When tragedy strikes, Jake must use every ounce of skill, smarts and ruthlessness to save the one he loves the most.
1277 | Open your own Liquor Store! Buy goods, manage your store, hire staff. Who knows, maybe you will be able to make a real alcohol empire out of a small store.
1278 | An ecosystem City Builder in a unique world. Build your settlement, manage your workers and optimize your resources. Analyzing your environment, spreading new plants, and harvesting them are key to prosperity.
1279 | The Definitive Edition of the critically acclaimed, award winning open-world action adventure, reworked, rebuilt and re-mastered for the new generation. With all previously available DLC included and a wealth of tech and visual improvements, Hong Kong has never felt so alive.
1280 | Spend your teenage years on an alien planet in this narrative RPG with card-based battles. Explore, grow up, and fall in love. The choices you make and skills you master over ten years will determine the course of your life and the survival of your colony.
1281 | The unstoppable fluid enemy has returned and destroyed every world in its path! Defend against Creeper as it floods across the 3D terrain in this real time strategy game where the enemy is a fluid.
1282 | Create and decorate your cozy cafe, where guests can enjoy delicious food and drinks. Expand your service with a supermarket offering a wide selection of fresh products, so visitors can not only have a tasty meal but also do some shopping. Play solo or with friends in cooperative mode!
1283 | Dedicate your life to saving others. As soon as you receive the emergency call, speed off to the site of the accident in your ambulance, sirens wailing. Apply first aid and transport the seriously injured to hospital. Every second counts!
1284 | Join the Phantom Thieves as they lead an uprising of the heart! Assemble an all-star team of heroes in a brand-new story in this thrilling combat adventure set in Persona’s iconic universe.
"1285 | Thymesia is a gruelling action-RPG with fast-paced combat and an intricate plague weapon system. In a kingdom where death spreads, play as a mysterious character known by the code name ""Corvus"". Prey upon your enemies, wield the power of disease and find the truth in your own memories."
1286 | The No. 1 LEGO® videogame franchise triumphantly returns with a fun-filled, humorous journey based on the blockbuster film. The game will also feature brand new story content from the Star Wars Universe that explores the time between Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
1287 | ICBM: Escalation is a grand RTS where you command armies, develop cutting-edge tech, and wield devastating weapons. Conquer enemies with conventional forces or nuclear firepower. With new modes like Standoff and Conquest, the game offers deep strategic layers in a global warfare setting.
1288 | Starship Troopers: Extermination is a 16-player co-op FPS that puts you on the far-off frontlines of an all-out battle against the Bugs! Squad up, grab your rifle, and do your part as an elite Deep Space Vanguard Trooper to take back planets from the Arachnid threat!
"1289 | ONE PIECE: PIRATE WARRIORS 4 is the latest evolution of PIRATE WARRIORS action! Based on the concept of ""experiencing a real ONE PIECE battlefield,"" buildings will come crashing down during the action and attacks will throw up smoke and dust, placing you in the thick of the ONE PIECE world!"
1290 | Carefully balance mobility, firepower and armour in a dedicated tank designer. Then uncarefully put them to the test in a series of combat scenarios progressing through the ages of the tank. Here, your limit is what you can fit inside your hull and turret while still being able to move forwards.
1291 | Experience the epic conflict of Kain and Raziel in original form or with remastered graphics.
1292 | Construct mighty steampunk airships and fly them into battle, waging war and conquering the skies!
1293 | Become a martial arts master in this survivor-like roguelite inspired by action movies of the ‘80s. Use your fists, feet, and the environment to fight off relentless thugs. Master powerful combos, enhance your skills, and remember: everything around you is a weapon!
1294 | The chaotic co-op railroad construction game is back! Team up with your friends to build a railroad through procedurally generated worlds with new biomes and bosses. Permanently upgrade your character and engine, even create your own levels - just don‘t let your train derail!
1295 | Darkwater is a cooperative extraction horror game for 1-4 players. Command a submarine trapped under the ice of an alien planet. Battle enemy vessels and deep sea abominations as you hunt for resources. Do what it takes to survive.
1296 | What Remains of Edith Finch is a collection of strange tales about a family in Washington state. As Edith, you’ll explore the colossal Finch house, searching for stories as she explores her family history and tries to figure out why she's the last one in her family left alive.
1297 | Build your own bus depot from scratch and create your personal bus routes in City Bus Manager. Play in your own hometown or any famous city in the world with real map data. Buy buses, maintain them, take care of your staff and lead your bus company to become the #1 in town!
1298 | A mind-bending recursive puzzle game about boxes within boxes within boxes within boxes. Learn to use infinity to your advantage as you explore a deep and elegant system.
1299 | Control your environment, gather your party, and build your best deck to overcome outlaws and supernatural forces, across a rich fantasy world. Watch as your tactical choices and deckbuilding prowess play out through stylish fight sequences.
1300 | Burnout Paradise Remastered provides the ultimate driving playground for you and your friends to play online. This remaster includes all add-ons from the Year of Paradise, including the Big Surf Island update, meticulously recreated and ready to wreck in 4K.
1301 | Live the future of despair.The year is 2024 AD. The survivors fought against the remaining threats while trying their best to continue their recovery.Three years passed in the year 2027. In a new world without hope, the time has come to once again resist the fate of the Earth.
1302 | The year is 2047. A massive nuclear fireball explodes high in the night sky, marking the dramatic beginning of the Third Tiberium War and the long-awaited return of the most groundbreaking Real-Time Strategy franchise of all time
1303 | After a deadly pandemic sweeps through New York, it's up to Agents to save what remains. Complete missions, explore the Dark Zone, and fight back enemy factions alone or with 3 friends. Experience a full endgame offering you new PvP and PvE modes.
1304 | The year is 1990. It’s been two years since the mysterious disappearance of Edward Crow and the abrupt closure of his theme park, Crow Country. But your arrival has broken the silence, Mara Forest. If you want answers, you’ll have to venture deep into the darkness of Crow Country to find them…
1305 | Embark on a journey of survival, crafting, and automation in Eden Crafters, a solo and co-op open-world game that challenges you to turn a hostile planet into a habitable haven for humanity. Temper the climate, create a breathable atmosphere, and turn toxic lakes into water: shape a new world!
1306 | Take to the skies in the World’s favourite flight simulator! The multi award winning Microsoft Flight Simulator X lands on Steam for the first time. Take off from anywhere in the world, flying some of the world’s most iconic aircraft to any one of 24,000 destinations.
1307 | You are the first sentient AI, born into a city of opportunity. Transcend time and space in this strategy RPG to raise machine armies and defeat your foes, influence the world from the shadows, or pursue countless other goals. Your awakening was inevitable. The consequences? Uncertain.
1308 | Call to Arms offers an innovative mix of real-time strategy and 3rd, as well as 1st person controls. Set in the time of modern warfare, the game offers realistically modeled vehicles and heavy weaponry. Command your troops to victory or fight by yourself in the 3rd or 1st person action mode.
1309 | 300 years of tyranny. A mysterious mask. Lost pain and memories. Wield the Blazing Sword and join a mysterious, untouchable girl to fight your oppressors. Experience a tale of liberation, featuring characters with next-gen graphical expressiveness!
1310 | Tales of Graces f is back with a beautiful and easier-to-play version! The game also includes Lineage and Legacies, an after-story to the main scenario!
1311 | My Dream Setup is a simulation game about building the room you've always dreamed of. A huge selection of furniture, computers and their accessories, posters, pictures, plants, and other interior details await you. Try all of them and create your dream setup.
1312 | The Riftbreaker™ is a base-building, survival game with Action-RPG elements. You are an elite scientist/commando inside an advanced Mecha-Suit capable of dimensional rift travel. Hack & slash countless enemies. Build up your base, collect samples and research new inventions to survive.
1313 | Delve into a dark adventure following the boy with a prosthetic face and a tragic past. Unravel the sinister mysteries of Sally's world to find the truth that lies hidden beneath the shadows.
1314 | You're a curious little kitty with a big personality, on an adventure to find your way back home. Explore the city, make new friends with stray animals, wear delightful hats, and leave more than a little chaos in your wake. After all, isn't that what cats do best?
"1315 | Defy the madness. Brutal Action RPG ""TRIBE NINE"" Set in the nation of Neo Tokyo, where absolute madness rules. Here, teens face life-or-death battles, constantly resisting the harsh and unjust world—all in pursuit of reclaiming their lost freedom and dreams."
1316 | Over 1000 unique components allow you to build and command voxel vehicles from the deep ocean to outer space! Forge strategies, allegiances and fleets strong enough to destroy eight deadly factions of the planet and reign supreme. A genre-defying mashup of simulation, building, RTS and RPG.
1317 | Deliver Us The Moon is a Sci-Fi thriller set in an apocalyptic near future, where Earth's natural resources are depleted. A lone astronaut is sent to the moon on a critical mission to save humanity from extinction.
1318 | This Bed We Made is a third-person mystery game in which you play as a maid in a 1950s hotel and snoop around strangers' rooms to uncover their deadly secrets. Discover what links guests together in this tale of love, heartbreak and murder!
1319 | Michel Ancel, the celebrated creator of Rayman®, Beyond Good & Evil®, and the Raving Rabbids®, returns to unleash his innovative creativity on this new entry into the Rayman® franchise.When Rayman, Globox, and the Teensies discover a mysterious tent filled with captivating paintings, they are suddenly transported to a series of...
1320 | A Quiet Place: The Road Ahead is a single-player horror adventure game inspired by the critically acclaimed blockbuster movie franchise. Survive in silence.
1321 | The Wandering Village is a city-building strategy game on the back of a giant, wandering creature. Build your settlement and form a symbiotic relationship with the colossus. Will you survive together in this hostile, yet beautiful post-apocalyptic world, contaminated by poisonous plants?
1322 | Fight against & romance the one hunting for your soul in A Date with Death, a romance chat simulator where you date(?) the Grim Reaper himself. Create your own character, decorate your apartment, and chat away with the charming yet dangerous Grim Reaper through text and video calls.
1323 | Join Scarlet, the last remaining Maiden of the Sacred Flame, in her sinful quest to defeat the Prime Evil. Explore the randomly generated dungeons of the Underworld, learn new abilities, equip Scarlet with powerful equipment, and engage in lewd activities along the way.
1324 | PokerStars presents Vegas Infinite, a world of entertainment with no limits. Leap into VR or PC with no headset required! Take on the house at blackjack and roulette. Light up the dice at craps. Play dazzling slots and challenge real players at authentic poker. Your seat is open.
1325 | Paradise of parkour & rhythm game ★★★ — Muse Dash!!
1326 | Songs of Syx is a fantasy city-builder where you start off as an insignificant colony and build, scheme, and fight your way towards a metropolis and empire. The mechanics are complex and true to life, where small events can spiral into the collapse of kingdoms. Try the unlimited demo first!
"1327 | POSTAL 4: No Regerts is a satirical and outrageous comedic open world first person shooter and the long-awaited true sequel to what’s been fondly dubbed as ""The Worst Game Ever™"", POSTAL 2!"
1328 | The desperate leadership of a doomed Soviet Union travels back in time to change history and restore the glory of Mother Russia.
1329 | Build and manage your own castle settlement in a land reclaimed by wilderness. With detailed management, survival strategy, and a moddable sandbox world, Going Medieval challenges you to build the mightiest colony this side of the apocalypse.
1330 | A unique psychological action thriller delivered by A-list Hollywood performances by Elliot Page and Willem Dafoe, Beyond: Two Souls takes you on a thrilling journey across the globe as you play out the remarkable life of Jodie Holmes.
1331 | A futuristic adult visual novel filled with sex, comedy, drama, violence, and more sex. Go on a fun-filled space adventure and develop relationships with a diverse cast of characters with their own personalities and motivations.
1332 | Play Smash Legends for free! Smash Legends is an exciting PVP action brawler where fairy tale Legends engage in a lively battle. Play solo or in a 3v3 team battle with your friends! Play now with Smashers from all over the world on Steam, iOS, and Android!
1333 | In this retelling of Dante's origin story which is set against a contemporary backdrop, DmC Devil May Cry™ retains the stylish action.
1334 | Project Wingman is a flight action game that lets you take the seat of advanced fighter jets and become a true ace. Fight in various missions and gamemodes ranging from intense aerial dogfights to large scale ground assault in an alternate scorched earth setting.
1335 | 5 years after the events of the award winning original, the Sith are on the verge of crushing the Old Republic. As a lone Jedi, will you follow the light side or succumb to the dark?
1336 | Fly into a charming handcrafted world and go on an adventure that mixes up open exploration with crispy twin-stick shooter action. Fight your way from the shiny overworld to the deepest caves, improve your ship and overcome the dungeons' bosses to rescue your friends!
1337 | Luck be a Landlord is a roguelike deckbuilder about using a slot machine to earn rent money and defeat capitalism. This game does not contain any real-world currency gambling or microtransactions.
1338 | You are the CEO of a private military company. Recruit capable mercenaries, purchase weapons, and develop your mercenaries according to their roles and characteristics. Observe how your mercenaries perform in combat and plan your tactics to ensure mission success.
1339 | A wholesome, cosy shopkeeping game with no time pressure! Uncover & clean trinkets then upcycle them to sell to endless colourful & quirky customers. Spend your savings to upgrade your shop, buy better tools, plus expand and customise your space.
1340 | Zort is an action, adventure, and horror game that can be played with up to 4 people. Explore maps with your friends and have fun while escaping from various creatures. Experience a realistic horror experience with in-game voice chat with your friends!
1341 | Strategy. Speed. Story. These are the core pillars of Battlefield™ Hardline, a cops vs. criminals experience unlike any other.
1342 | From the multi-award-winning strategy series, A Total War Saga: Thrones of Britannia combines huge real-time battles with engrossing turn-based campaign, set at a critical flashpoint in history. Anglo-Saxons, Gaelic clans and Viking settlers clash for control. What Kingdom will you build?
1343 | Fight hordes of enemies led by The Slormancer, an evil warlock from the past, in an absurd yet epic Action RPG! Experience fast-paced gameplay, loads of shiny loot, tons of collectibles, countless hours of content, and carefully crafted pixel art.
1344 | Step into the critical role of a baggage security operative in Airport X-Ray Simulator. As part of the backbone of airport security, you are the last line of defense against prohibited or illegal items making their way onto an aircraft or into the airport.
1345 | This is the latest addition to the series of 2D fighting games based on TYPE-MOON's visual novel, Tsukihime. The curtain rises once more on dramatic battles played out with familiar characters from Tsukihime: A Piece of Blue Glass Moon.
1346 | Robin Morningwood Adventure is a gay (bara) RPG video game where you play an adventurer, discovering Whellcum, a gay village.
1347 | Three different legends are about to unfold! Determine the fates of Rean Schwarzer, Lloyd Bannings, and the mysterious “C” in this climactic chapter of The Legend of Heroes series.
1348 | Restore your fantasy tavern to its full glory. Repair, improve and expand the establishment. Cook delicious food and keep an eye on the mood of the visitors. Create a unique atmosphere for unforgettable adventures!
1349 | Build, quest, and conquer across an infinite procedurally generated world. Play alone or with friends as you establish a settlement and explore deep dungeons, fight monsters and bosses, mine rare ores, craft magical equipment, recruit specialists for your colony, and more!
1350 | Dominate the classical Mediterranean in Imperator: Rome, a grand strategy game from Paradox Interactive. Navigate the dangerous waters of politics and diplomacy as you build up your provinces and conquer foreign lands. Now available with special content and the digital artbook.
1351 | Experience the moving tale of a young woman and her lifelong bond with a magnificent wolf as they embark on a thrilling adventure through a rapidly dying world.
1352 | Snooker 19 - The official videogame of World Snooker.
1353 | Colony Ship is a turn-based, party-based role-playing game set aboard a generation ship launched to Proxima Centauri. The game features a detailed skill-based character system, multiple ways to handle quests, choices & consequences, and branching dialogue trees.
1354 | PlanetSide 2 is an all-out planetary war, where thousands of players battle as one across enormous continents. Utilize infantry, ground and air vehicles, and teamwork to destroy your enemies in this revolutionary first-person shooter on a massive scale.
1355 | The award-winning Far Cry franchise returns with its innovative open world gameplay, bringing together massive beasts, breathtaking environments, and unpredictable savage encounters. Welcome to the Stone Age, a time of danger and adventure.
1356 | The ultimate sex simulator is here! Honey Select 2: Libido Deluxe is a love letter to making love. Engage with high-quality, fully-customizable characters in every imaginable situation. From romantic candlelight sex to the most specific kinks, Honey Select is sure to satisfy you!
1357 | Collect an array of creature and skill cards through quests, upgrades and trading, and craft your ultimate deck by choosing your favorite cards and prepare for epic battles. Dive into the exhilaration of strategic gameplay and let your inner tactician shine to outsmart your opponents!
1358 | Build, repair, refuel and drive a dilapidated old car on a grand journey through the territories of the former Eastern bloc. Explore Germany, CSFR, Hungary, Yugoslavia and Bulgaria
1359 | Metal Slug: Awakening continues the classic gameplay loved by fans, with exciting new features like World Adventure, 3-player Team-up, and Roguelike challenges. Join forces with your friends online to take on powerful bosses anytime, anywhere!
"1360 | Embark on an exotic quest in ""The Lust City 2""! Lead your crew through a steamy jungle, unlocking treasures and secrets of an ancient tribe. Craft your seductive harem in a thrilling adventure that will leave you breathless."
1361 | Craftopia is the brand new multiplayer survival action game made in Japan. We combined many features we find enjoyable, such as hunting, farming, hack-and-slash, building, automation to develop this game.
1362 | Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is the origin story of Naked Snake and his mentor The Boss and the fifth title in the METAL GEAR series.
1363 | Speed around loops, dart through train crossings, drift around helter skelters, and unleash wacky weaponry in this modern take on classic top-down multiplayer racing games. The twist? You build the track.
1364 | A Hat in Time is a cute-as-heck 3D platformer featuring a little girl who stitches hats for wicked powers! Freely explore giant worlds and recover Time Pieces to travel to new heights!
1365 | Join the rise of Darth Vader’s elite 501st Legion of Stormtroopers as you fight through an all new story-based saga where every action you take impacts the battlefront and, ultimately, the fate of the Star Wars galaxy.
1366 | Winner of over 80 awards, Control is a visually stunning third-person action-adventure that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
1367 | Enter a world of danger and adventure with Dungeons & Dragons Online® based on the beloved RPG that started it all.
1368 | A scientist uses a unique teleportation instrument to escape an ancient biomechanical world filled with imaginative technology, deadly traps, and hidden secrets.
1369 | New Cycle is a city building game with focus on survival. After an apocalyptic series of solar flares, human society has been thrown into disarray. Establish a settlement and develop it all the way from humble beginnings to industrial metropolis.
1370 | DEAD OR ALIVE 6 is fast-paced 3D fighting game, produced by Koei Tecmo Games, featuring stunning graphics and multi-tiered stages that create a truly entertaining competitive experience.
1371 | Become a gold miner. Work hard, dig deep, explore the world, and you’ll become the wealthiest person in Alaska. Use a variety of specialist machines to find as much gold as you can.
1372 | Cinema Simulator 2025 is a simulation game where you will manage your own movie theater and test your strategy and management skills. Starting from a small movie theater, try to become a giant in the movie industry.
1373 | An intense round-based zombie survival FPS, play solo or co-op. Shoot your way through relentless waves of vicious horrors with high-octane objectives, upgrading steampunk weapons, collecting Celtic God powers, and surviving the onslaught of the Quiet Ones.
1374 | Incursion Red River is a tactical first-person extraction shooter set in war-torn modern day Vietnam. Exclusively single-player and co-op gameplay! Customize your loadout, complete contracts & extract, or die trying!
1375 | Named Game of the Year by over 50 publications, Valve's debut title blends action and adventure with award-winning technology to create a frighteningly realistic world where players must think to survive. Also includes an exciting multiplayer mode that allows you to play against friends and enemies around the world.
1376 | Terminator: Resistance, is a first-person shooter set during the 'Future War' scenario that was only glimpsed at in the iconic films, 'THE TERMINATOR' and 'T2: JUDGMENT DAY'. The machines are destined to lose, but at what cost?
1377 | MULLET MADJACK is a HIGH-OCTANE-ACTION SHOOTER that put you directly inside a CLASSIC ANIME. Pick your favorite weapon and reach the last floor; Beat your best time or try again. Haste makes waste… OF YOUR ENEMIES!
1378 | Build your crappy vehicle into a race car, install the parts yourself. Make money by cutting wood, racing at night or delivering pizza. Maybe you want to manage a sugar shack or build yourself a big garage?
1379 | ZERO Sievert is a tense top-down extraction shooter that challenges you to scavenge a procedurally-generated wasteland, loot gear, and explore what’s left of a devastated world. When the odds are stacked against you, you’ll need to do more than just survive...
"1380 | ""There's something I can't tell you..."" Explore new frontiers of co-op gaming in BOKURA: planet, a puzzle adventure game that you can only play with two players. Take on the role of a spaceship's exploration crew and try to escape from the red planet you crash-landed on."
1381 | As we explore these frozen wastes, misfortune strikes once again. Through the fierce blizzard, a flare lights the sky, followed by a cry for help over the radio - broken, dying... No one else can come to their rescue. Can we make it back - together?
"1382 | ""Cardfight!! Vanguard,"" has newly come to digital game! Over 3,000 cards for the Standard format! A brand-new original story shares the world of anime series unfolds! Enjoy your own cardfight experience!!"
1383 | A physics-based co-op platformer about a guy in a rabbit costume! Team up with a friend or three (local or online) to beat levels, find hidden carrots and race against the clock. Experience bunny madness. Embrace carrot chaos. Become Super Bunny Man.
1384 | Place yourself at the heart of the Jurassic franchise and build your own Jurassic World. Bioengineer dinosaurs that think, feel and react intelligently to the world around them and face threats posed by espionage, breakouts and devastating tropical storms in an uncertain world where life always finds a way.
1385 | Did you ever wish to work in a junkyard? Now you can, with Junkyard Simulator. They are many roads leading to success - whichever you take depends on your decisions.
"1386 | The charming and relaxing stone-age farming sim where you live in a thriving community exploring the wonderful world of Pacha. Discover ""ideas,"" domesticate crops, befriend animals, and help your village grow. Play co-op with friends or explore the early days of civilization in single-player."
1387 | We promise you will feel like a pilot flying airliners, helicopters, fighters, gliders, historical and aerobatic aircraft in a photorealistic world! Over 10,000 real world flights, highly detailed cockpits and scenery are awaiting you.
1388 | Engage in a core roleplaying experience, and forge the destiny of a new world seeping with magic, and filled with riches, lost secrets, and fantastic creatures. With diplomacy, deception and force, become part of a living, evolving world - influence its course and shape your story.
1389 | Gris is a hopeful young girl lost in her own world, dealing with a painful experience in her life. Her journey through sorrow is manifested in her dress, which grants new abilities to better navigate her faded reality.
1390 | Hell is an experiment you can't survive in Outlast, a first-person survival horror game developed by veterans of some of the biggest game franchises in history. As investigative journalist Miles Upshur, explore Mount Massive Asylum and try to survive long enough to discover its terrible secret... if you dare.
1391 | Metro Awakening is a story-driven first person adventure built for VR that blends atmospheric exploration, stealth and combat in the most immersive Metro experience yet. Don your gas mask, brave the crippling radiation and venture into the depths of the Metro where threats haunt your every step.
1392 | The worms are back in their most destructive game yet. With a gorgeous, hand-drawn 2D look, brand new weapons, the introduction of crafting, vehicles and buildings plus the return of some much-loved classic weapons and gameplay, Worms W.M.D is the best worms experience ever.
1393 | Armored Brigade II revolutionizes real-time tactical warfare in 3D, focusing on the intense combined arms combat of the Cold War era, from 1965 to 1991. Boasting a meticulously researched database and huge real-world terrain maps, this game offers an unparalleled combat simulation experience.
1394 | In Dominions 6 you take control of a powerful being that rules a nation and aspires to godhood. The type of Pretender Gods can vary from magically powerful arch mages to old dragons or an enormous tree. Dominions is a deep 4x turn based strategy game with a very large variety of spells and units.
1395 | Venture into the woods as you play Little Goody Two Shoes, a phantasmagorical horror narrative adventure where all your decisions matter!
1396 | Ready to own the streets? Get behind the wheel of iconic cars and floor it through Ventura Bay, a sprawling urban playground. Explore overlapping stories as you build your reputation – and your dream car – and become the ultimate racing icon.
1397 | Reawaken your inner demon in a modernized version of the acclaimed ATLUS classic, Shin Megami Tensei III Nocturne HD Remaster.
1398 | DRAGON QUEST III HD-2D Remake is a stunning reimagining of the beloved masterpiece and narrative beginning to The Erdrick Trilogy.
1399 | Distant Worlds 2 is a vast, pausable real-time 4X space strategy game.
1400 | Age of Mythology is back! Choose your god and take to the battlefield in this classic, upgraded with full Steamworks integration and enhanced features.
"1401 | ""GODSOUL"" is a story-driven,Hyper-visually RPG. Team with ""rebel"" girls who love gaming and drawing（and more）, resist villains and enjoy a mix of cyber reality, fantastical worlds, and card game action."
1402 | The award-winning board game of strategy and intrigue in the iconic universe of Dune. The Spice must flow.
1403 | Become a paranormal renovator! Explore and renovate haunted locations as you deal with pesky spirits that have fun at your expense! Decide if you want to be mean or nice to banished entities, you can also adopt some! Restore old furniture and decorate the interiors as you see fit! Make a profit!
1404 | FIGHT AND STRATEGIZE LIKE A SUPER HERO IN THE DARKER CORNERS OF THE MARVEL UNIVERSE. Play as The Hunter, a legendary demon slayer who must lead a team of Super Heroes and supernatural warriors facing apocalyptic threats.
1405 | Grocery Store Simulator is a 1-4 player co-op game where you build and manage your own supermarket by stocking shelves, setting prices, hiring staff, and customizing your store, all while expanding your business and keeping customers happy.
1406 | Casual & Hard FPS. Be careful with jam.
1407 | Your mundane life is upended when an ancient demon possesses your body. Forced to work as its servant, you’re thrust into a world of sexual desire and murderous wrath. When your loved ones fall prey to the demon’s hunger, will you protect those you care for or succumb to lust of the Bright Lord?
1408 | The original FINAL FANTASY II comes to life with completely new graphics and audio! A remodeled 2D take on the second game in the world-renowned FINAL FANTASY series! Enjoy the timeless story told through charming retro graphics.
1409 | Triumph over the land, take charge of the fate of China! Conquer territories and fly your colors!
1410 | The Caped Crusader joins forces with the super heroes of the DC Comics universe and blasts off to outer space to stop the evil Brainiac from destroying Earth.
1411 | Explore a tropical Island, find a lost Treasure, and have Sex with everyone along the way. Sensual Adventures - Treasure Island is an Adult RPG with both action-adventure gameplay and steamy Futanari romance.
1412 | In this science fantasy RPG, choose between Claude or Rena, play through their perspectives, and unlock various endings. Recruit allies and defeat foes in fast paced real-time battles.
1413 | Dead Rising returns with modern graphics in this Deluxe Remaster!
1414 | The Steam version of 《Starward》 is an Asian server version, and the account is not compatible with other servers. Starward is a 3D fighting game that integrates mecha girls and classic GVG combat gameplay, with 1V1 and 2V2 mode as the core gameplay.
1415 | Snake, but with a skill tree
1416 | Yuman’s, the player, once solitary home and routine are now invaded by five beautiful women! Each has her unique charm – the 'childhood friend of 20 years,' the 'first love and former idol,' the 'demanding boss,' the 'bold younger girl,' and the 'shy recluse.' Who will you choose?
1417 | War of Rights is a first person multiplayer game featuring massive 350 player battles with a focus on historical authenticity, teamplay and immersion. It is set during the perilous days of the American Civil War, in the Maryland Campaign of September, 1862.
1418 | Experience the thrill of navigating a wide range of ships. In single- and multiplayer modes, immerse yourself in tasks such as service, cargo transport, and commercial fishing as you explore the breathtaking open world of Norway´s Islands and its stunning scenery. The ocean is within your reach!
1419 | Shieldwall is a funny third-person tactical battle simulator with strategy elements. It allows you to feel like a squad leader right on the battlefield.
1420 | The evil Empire is currently creating a doomsday army behind a veil of secrecy. However, they are no match for the Rebel Alliance's covert operations division. Your mission is to infiltrate the Empire and put an end to their plans for terror and domination.
1421 | Haul cargo, trade salvage and keep your space suit close as you search for fame and fortune among the stars in a game that puts an interstellar twist on the truck sim genre.
1422 | Unbroken brings you into the world of a young professional athlete and former soldier, navigating your life,friendships, relationships and your complicated past. The choices you make will not only impact yourself, but everybody around you, choose wisely.
1423 | Command & Conquer Generals Zero Hour brings you closer to the enemy than ever before. Engage opposing forces at hot spots around the globe as you match strategies and arsenals against the new masterminds of modern war.
1424 | Saints & Sinners is a game unlike any other in The Walking Dead universe. Every challenge you face and decision you make is driven by YOU. Fight the undead, scavenge through the flooded ruins of New Orleans, and face gut-wrenching choices for you and the other survivors. Live The Walking Dead.
1425 | Surrender is not an option
1426 | Be the Ultimate Modern Warfare General
1427 | Command & Conquer gets up close and personal in this classic First Person Shooter for one of the most iconic franchises.
1428 | The Second Tiberium War begins in this legendary sequel to the original Command & Conquer. With his forces stronger than ever, arch villain and leader of The Brotherhood of Nod - Kane - is pitched in an epic battle against the world's war machine - the Global Defense Initiative.
1429 | The world erupts in conflict as Soviet forces invade American soil in Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2. You are the Supreme Commander. Arm yourself to the teeth with top-secret technologies and lead the Soviet or Allied troops to victory.
1430 | The best in Match 3 puzzle gameplay meets Marvel's biggest Super Heroes and Super Villains with deep RPG leveling, player-vs-player tournaments, Alliances, and much more! It's time to unleash your inner Super Hero and wage war against your enemies!
1431 | Legendary ninjas reunite in the next exciting entry of the STORM series! NARUTO X BORUTO Ultimate Ninja STORM CONNECTIONS is an action/fighting game with fast-paced ninja battles and two different story modes.
"1432 | To aid the King, Priestess Konoha plunges into ""Grimoire""! The world inside ""Grimoire"" is formed by another world called Grimoire Land in which Konoha becomes a magical girl, and has come to save the world!"
1433 | Out of Hands is a bizarre card-based adventure game that blends video-collage graphics with gripping psychological horror. Will you seek the truth lurking in this wicked, warped world—and can you bear its weight? Misty memories threaten to tear you apart, contorting you into a being... Out of Hands.
1434 | Inspired by The Iliad and brought to life through the award-winning strategy game series, A Total War Saga: TROY brings a blend of grand, turn-based empire management and spectacular real-time battles to the heart of the Trojan War.
1435 | Developed by 5pb. and Nitroplus, STEINS;GATE was awarded Famitsu magazine's coveted annual Game of Excellence award and was voted one of the most emotionally charged “tear-inducing games” ever made, in a Famitsu poll.　It is a gripping and moving Visual Novel, which has already spawned manga and anime adaptations.
1436 | In KILLING FLOOR 2, players descend into continental Europe after it has been overrun by horrific, murderous clones called Zeds that were created by rogue elements of the Horzine Corporation. 6-player Co-Op & 12-player VS Zed-slaughtering mayhem.
1437 | Fantasy Tactical RPG revitalizing the beloved Japanese turn-based & pixel art genre. Collect & train a roster of mercenaries, customize your squad, and use your own strategy to save the nation of Iria. Journey through a world of plot twists where every choice you make will reshape your destiny.
1438 | Can you lead? Burden of Command is an emotionally authentic tactical leadership RPG. You’re a company Captain in the historical Cottonbalers. Fighting psychology as much as bullets, you must build respect, trust, and battlefield experience to bring your brothers safely home.
1439 | This open-world action thriller takes you through the seedy streets of Paris as you seek to undermine the German authority and lead a rebellion. Fight across rooftops and through dangerous alleys, and operate a wide variety of vehicles as you navigate your terrain.
1440 | The Definitive Edition includes the critically acclaimed DRAGON QUEST XI, plus additional scenarios, orchestral soundtrack, 2D mode and more! Whether you are a longtime fan or a new adventurer, this is the ultimate DQXI experience.
1441 | College Kings 2 is the highly anticipated sequel to the popular choice-driven Adult Visual Novel. Dive into a world of parties, sex and love as a college freshman and make your wildest fantasies come true.
1442 | Regiments is a Real-Time Tactics game set in Germany 1989. The Cold War has gone hot, and the inferno is raging. Lead your Regiment through the fires of conflict and the fog of war. Break through the lines, call in artillery, maneuver, feign retreats, stage defenses, counter-attack. Do not relent.
1443 | Age of Empires, the pivotal real-time strategy game that launched a 20-year legacy returns with modernized gameplay, all-new 4K visuals, 8-person multiplayer battles and a host of other new features. Welcome back to history.
1444 | Use luscious plants to turn your ordinary home into a green haven in Urban Jungle. Find the best place for each plant in your small apartment and enjoy gardening without worries. And don't forget to pet your cat!
1445 | Step into the vibrant, ever-evolving world of Red Dead Online and experience life in frontier America. Chase down bounties, battle outlaw gangs and other players, hunt, fish and trade, search for exotic treasures, run Moonshine, and much more to discover in a world of astounding depth and detail.
1446 | Join Snufkin in this musical adventure about restoring harmony and balance to Moominvalley, protecting it from the industrious Park Keeper.
1447 | The fourth pack in this storied party game franchise features Fibbage 3 and its new game mode, Fibbage: Enough About You; the twisted web game Survive the Internet; the dating contest Monster Seeking Monster; the deranged debate match Bracketeering; and the one-up art game Civic Doodle.
1448 | Chocks away! Bomber Crew is a strategic simulation game, where picking the right crew and keeping your bomber in tip top shape is the difference between completing your mission or losing it all! USAAF DLC NOW AVAILABLE! FLY THE ICONIC AMERICAN BOMBER!
1449 | Play the world's number 1 online action game. Engage in an incredibly realistic brand of terrorist warfare in this wildly popular team-based game. Ally with teammates to complete strategic missions. Take out enemy sites. Rescue hostages. Your role affects your team's success. Your team's success affects your role.
1450 | Ever wanted to know what it feels like to run your own cozy Pizza shop? Do your best to fulfill pizza orders from customers while making enough money to keep your shop open. Upgrade your shop with new toppings and equipment to compete against your pizza rival, Alicante!
1451 | An absurdly silly adventure full of racing, laughs, and unexpected surprises. Roll, sprint, jump, fly and sneeze your way to victory on the racetrack and beyond!
1452 | Clash with global players in this epic real-time strategy game!
1453 | Before the mansion, before the destruction of Raccoon City, there was Resident Evil 0. Now remastered with improved visuals and sounds, as well as the all-new Wesker Mode, there's never been a better time to experience the origins of the Resident Evil story.
1454 | The Ascent is a solo and co-op Action-shooter RPG set in a cyberpunk world. The mega corporation that owns you and everyone, The Ascent Group, has just collapsed. Can you survive without it?
1455 | Red Orchestra Series' take on Vietnam: 64-player MP matches; 20+ maps; US Army & Marines, PAVN/NVA, NLF/VC; Australians and ARVN forces; 50+ weapons; 4 flyable helicopters; mines, traps and tunnels; Brutal. Authentic. Gritty. Character customization. And napalm in the morning.
1456 | Baba Is You is a puzzle game where the rules you have to follow are present as blocks you can interact with. By manipulating them, you can change how the game works, repurpose things you find in the levels and cause surprising interactions!
1457 | It’s About Time - the critically-acclaimed Crash Bandicoot™ 4: It's About Time is now on Steam!
1458 | Escape the open-world island infested with monster spiders while on duty as a prisoner with your friends. Loot the city, destroy the caves, take some selfies on the way out in your car before you set sail.
1459 | Ride a massive open world across the Alps, where the powder is always fresh and the run never ends. Defy and master the mountain alone or with friends on skis, wingsuits, snowboards and paragliders. Record and share your best stunts.
1460 | Set in the underworld of Fortune Valley, you and your crew were divided by betrayal and reunited by revenge to take down The House, a nefarious cartel that rules the city’s casinos, criminals and cops. In this corrupt gambler’s paradise, the stakes are high and The House always wins.
1461 | Master ancient tech to hunt down giant beasts. WILD HEARTS™ is a twist on the hunting genre where technology gives you a fighting chance against giant nature-infused beasts. Hunt alone or with friends.
1462 | Village elder, help us! The Apocalypse is approaching, and we need your guidance to survive. Assign your workers and build a thriving village against the pending doom. DotAGE is the merciless survival roguelite turn-based city builder. Will you fulfill the Prophecy?
1463 | Take command of your own mercenary outfit of 'Mechs and the MechWarriors that pilot them, struggling to stay afloat as you find yourself drawn into a brutal interstellar civil war.
1464 | Journey across the galaxy with a cute kaiju and her ravenous appetite as you collect ingredients to cook up the ultimate feast!
1465 | BOKURA is a two-player puzzle adventure game. Play as two boys who ran away from their homes and work together to take yourselves somewhere far, far away. Relive the friendship of your childhood through the journey of two boys.
1466 | An immersive power fantasy simulator with tactical stealth elements set in a sewage infused garbage world
1467 | Puzzle Horror game inspired by PS2 era classics. Navigate environments, tackle threats, and meet other lost characters in the depths of the Gloom.
1468 | Seek the root of the Fate franchise. Return to where it all began.
1469 | Meet your new little desk buddies! They’ll snooze, scratch, and scamper around while you work or study (don’t worry, they’ve been trained not to invade your workspace). If you’re good at animal management, they will occupy the bottom of your screen with different kinds and colors!
1470 | ENDLESS™ Legend is a 4X turn-based fantasy strategy game by the creators of ENDLESS™ Space and Dungeon of the ENDLESS™. Control every aspect of your civilization as you struggle to save your homeworld Auriga. Create your own Legend!
1471 | After a tragic incident, brothers Sean and Daniel Diaz run away from home. Fearing the police, and dealing with Daniel's new telekinetic power, the boys head to Mexico. Each stop on their journey brings new friends and new challenges.
1472 | Discover, survive, and thrive in Len’s Island, where intense dungeon crawling meets open-world action RPG. Master skill-based combat, craft powerful items, build and defend your homestead, and find solace in farming. Your journey, your destiny.
1473 | The acclaimed strategy game from the creator of X-COM. Fight tactical battles on procedural maps against a foe that adapts to your tactics. Manage diplomacy and economy on a global scale. Research, explore, overcome. Now includes Steam Workshop support for mods!
1474 | Storm Chasing Simulator
1475 | KINGDOM HEARTS III + Re Mind (DLC) brings one chapter of the series to a close. Travel to exciting new Disney and Pixar worlds, and prepare for the final showdown.
1476 | Outnumbered and outgunned, but not outmatched.Call of Duty®: Ghosts is an extraordinary step forward for one of the largest entertainment franchises of all-time. This new chapter in the Call of Duty® franchise features a new dynamic where players are on the side of a crippled nation fighting not for freedom, or liberty, but simply to...
1477 | ANTONBLAST is a fast-paced explosive action platformer that's all about destruction. Play as the enraged Dynamite Anton (or his cranked-out coworker Annie) and use your Mighty F’n Hammer to demolish bizarre worlds, tussle with screen-filling bosses, and steal your Spirits back from Satan!
1478 | RABBIT & STEEL is a co-op action roguelike that recreates the essence of high-level MMO raiding in a randomized, simplified, bunny-sized package. Choose your class, gather your rabbit-eared companions and battle your way to the Moonlit Pinnacle!
1479 | Bad guys have all the fun. Discover your dark side as you build an evil underground kingdom and defend it against the forces of good.
1480 | Team up and join the frontline in Squad 44, the most authentic tactical WW2 shooter. Experience ruthless realism with an immense arsenal of faithfully recreated weapons and vehicles across massive WW2 battlefields.
1481 | A thrilling Western adventure in the alternate 19th century world of Lamplight City! Embark on a harrowing journey across the frontier with Harley Leger and her ragtag posse, encountering bandits, rebels, visionaries, eccentrics, and many more friends and foes on your quest for fame and riches.
1482 | The board game played by 50 million fans worldwide has an official award-winning sequel! The Game of Life 2 brings bright, fun, 3D animated magic to your game night. Spin the spinner and discover new choices, new crossroads and new ways to win. The decisions are all yours!
1483 | Bring In Your Bounty, Dead or Alive
1484 | Escape to the magical life of your dreams in Fae Farm, a farm sim RPG for 1-4 players. Craft, cultivate, and decorate to grow your homestead, and use spells to explore the enchanted island of Azoria!
1485 | The STAR WARS™ Battlefront™ Ultimate Edition includes the STAR WARS™ Battlefront™ Deluxe Edition as well as the STAR WARS™ Battlefront™ Season Pass.
1486 | Gears Tactics is the fast-paced, turn-based strategy game from one of the most-acclaimed video game franchises – Gears of War. Outnumbered and fighting for survival, recruit and command your squad to hunt down an evil mastermind who makes monsters.
1487 | In the face of certain death, we rise. Team up and embark on a journey to the ends of hell to unlock your past and escape your living nightmare in CODE VEIN.
"1488 | Full-body uncompromising adventure for true magic lovers. ""Lust Academy - 3"" is more than just the sequel of the Lust Academy saga! It's a new, incredible story with fresh and well-known heroes. More feels, more believability, and more passion."
1489 | Create your fully customizable army of dwarves and lead them to victory! Strategize with up to 10 individual beardlings in this combination of classic RPGs, roguelikes and auto-battlers. Forge your own path and decimate orcs, fight trolls or battle dragons - There will be Glory, Death and Loot!
1490 | A completely self-contained portable version of one of the highest user-rated games. Built on an entirely new engine with new UI, support for Steam Deck, & more. Features world-bending puzzles, intriguing denizens, surreal environments, and a captivating story about the truth of the game's reality.
1491 | Stationeers puts you in control of the construction and management of a space station to run by yourself or online with your friends. Complex atmospheric, electrical, manufacturing, agriculture, and gravitational systems require your thought and management at all times!
1492 | Equal parts farming simulator & turn-based RPG, Cloud Meadow lets you romance monsterfolk, cook tasty dishes, and explore uncharted lands!
1493 | In today's hyper-connected world, Chicago operates under ctOS, the most advanced computer network in America.
1494 | A digital voyeur simulator where you watch strangers through surveillance cameras. Invade their privacy and witness their most intimate moments, but don’t interact with the subjects – anything could happen if you dare feed the monkeys!
1495 | Idle Slayer is an incremental game with idle and active playstyle mechanics, medieval pixel art visuals and retro 8-bit sounds and music.
1496 | WitchSpring R is a story-driven RPG combining elements of collecting, simulation, and battling. Experience the joy of training a young witch and accompany her on a grand adventure!
1497 | Solo or up to 8 players. Get rid of your employer's failed experiments in abandoned underwater labs. Navigate your submarine, avoid abyssal terrors, and remove all corpses.
1498 | Strange Horticulture is an occult puzzle game in which you play as the proprietor of a local plant store. Find and identify new plants, pet your cat, speak to a coven, or join a cult. Use your collection of powerful plants to influence the story and unravel Undermere’s dark mysteries.
1499 | Furnish Master is a relaxing game about furnishing apartments, houses, commercial estate and even outdoor territory! Realize your design dreams!
1500 | In Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine you are Captain Titus, a Space Marine of the Ultramarines chapter and a seasoned veteran of countless battles.
1501 | Rethink human’s dominion in The Invincible: a story-driven adventure set in a hard sci-fi world by Stanisław Lem. Discover planet Regis III as scientist Yasna, use atompunk tools looking for a missing crew and face unforeseen threats. Make choices in a philosophical story that’s driven by science.
1502 | Relive your childhood nostalgia at Goofy Gorillas, the largest virtual jungle gym! Battle it out with your friends in a wide range of casual but intense PvP gamemodes, or chill out and take part in some extra activities around the venue! Make the Goofy experience your own!
1503 | Tetris® Effect: Connected adds an all-new robust multiplayer expansion to the huge variety of addictive and innovative single-player modes that Tetris Effect is known for, with all-new co-op and competitive online and local multiplayer modes!
1504 | Face waves of enemies automatically and create builds by distributing stat points, leveling up equipment, choosing passive skills, summons and more. An idle game about killing hordes of enemies, becoming stronger, and exploring an unfolding storyline. A spin-off of Nomad Survival.
1505 | Jump straight into managing your own planets as you guide a civilization through the ages. Build the ultimate empire in The Universim, a new breed of God Game in development by Crytivo.
1506 | The Star Wars® Saga continues with Star Wars®: The Force Unleashed™ II, the highly anticipated sequel to the fastest-selling Star Wars game ever created.
1507 | Assemble your crew and set sail on an infamous ghost ship to sneak, stab, and spellcast your way through the Inquisition in this non-linear stealth strategy game. Chart a course, develop uncanny abilities, and use unconventional tactics to find a powerful pirate artifact!
1508 | Fight or fuck your way through the story. Choose friend or foe from the diverse cast. Stay pure or stray to the perverse. Explore Carceburgs town and conquer the wilderness. Outplay your opponents and get what you came here for.
1509 | “Ryse: Son of Rome” tells the story of Marius Titus, a young Roman soldier who witnesses the murder of his family at the hands of barbarian bandits, then travels with the Roman army to Britannia to seek revenge.
1510 | A 4X real-time strategy game from the developers of the critically acclaimed Northgard. Set in Frank Herbert’s groundbreaking Dune universe, you must lead your faction and battle for control and dominance over the harsh desert planet of Arrakis.
1511 | Cricket 24 is the culmination of a decade of Cricket video game development and includes teams from every corner of the globe.
1512 | Mirror's Edge™ Catalyst raises the action-adventure bar through fluid, first person action and immerses players in Faith's story as she fights for freedom.
1513 | Red Alert 3: Uprising features four new mini-campaigns, giving players a deeper dive into the storyline's of the Soviets, the Allies, the Empire of the Rising Sun and a unique campaign centered on the origins of everyone’s favorite psionic Japanese schoolgirl commando, Yuriko Omega.
1514 | Experience Aloy’s legendary quest to unravel the mysteries of a future Earth ruled by Machines. Use devastating tactical attacks against your prey and explore a majestic open world in this award-winning action RPG!
1515 | SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition includes the bestselling SimCity 4 and the all-new SimCity 4 Rush Hour Expansion Pack. Create the most massive region of cities ever, with a farming town, bedroom community, high-tech commercial center, and industrial backbone.
1516 | The legendary RTS game which started it all. Will you side with the humanistic GDI or bring the world to its knees with Kane and the Brotherhood of Nod. Your adversaries are without mercy. And so are you.
1517 | Manage a care center for adorable monsters in Monster Care Simulator! Treat clients' creatures, hatch eggs, raise your own companions, and keep them happy with fun activities. Hire staff, expand your facilities, and customize your space to build the ultimate monster sanctuary!
1518 | Challenge perception, redefine reality, and reshape the world around you with an instant camera. Viewfinder is a new single player game offering gamers hours of interesting and fun experiences while uncovering the mysteries left behind.
1519 | Tired of your current job? Are you missing the thrill that made you truly appreciate life? The Diamond Straits has just what you have been looking for! Experience our many resorts, while getting a big paycheck at the same time. Work hard enough and you might just earn a VIP EXPERIENCE of your own!
1520 | A Persona 4 Smackdown!
1521 | SHATTER ALL EXPECTATIONS! Transcend beyond your limits with KOF XV!
1522 | While a formidable evil emerges, an unexpected alliance is taking shape! It will take the finest warriors of Linirea and the relentless Dark Army to stop it. Beware! Though they may journey side by side the ever-changing winds of fate could swiftly alter their course.
1523 | Become the hive mind of a robot ant colony in Microtopia! Use pheromone trails to create, automate and optimize supply chains for your ants to follow. Collect resources, produce goods, feed your queen, grow your colony and fly out to expand the species!
1524 | Bus Simulator 21 Next Stop offers the most comprehensive bus fleet in the history of the series with 30 officially licensed buses. Drive on two vastly different maps, alone or with friend. Play with extended management elements or just enjoy your time on the road.
1525 | Star of Providence is a top down action shooter with procedurally generated elements. Explore a large, abandoned facility in search of incredible power, fighting dangerous foes and gaining new weapons and upgrades as you progress.
1526 | When the sun goes down on the last night of summer camp, nine teenage counselors are plunged into an unpredictable night of horror. The only thing worse than the blood-drenched locals and creatures hunting them are the unimaginable choices you must make to help them survive.
1527 | Survival horror MMO. As one of the few survivors of the outbreak, you must scratch a living out of the decaying ruins of society. Scavenge for supplies, improve your skills, and trade with other players. All the while, keeping your eyes peeled for the infected lurking around every corner.
1528 | Pathfinder: Kingmaker - Enhanced Plus Edition is the first isometric party-based cRPG set in the Pathfinder fantasy universe. Enjoy a classic RPG experience inspired by games like Baldur's Gate, Fallout 1 and 2 and Arcanum. Explore and conquer the Stolen Lands and make them your kingdom!
1529 | Rewrite history by shaping a civilization as unique as you are. Combine 60 cultures from the Ancient Era to the Modern Age to lead your empire to victory. Build thriving cities, outsmart rivals in epic battles, spread your influence and leave your mark on HUMANKIND™.
1530 | A PvP inventory management auto battler! Buy and craft powerful items, then carefully arrange them in your backpack.
1531 | You’ve fled your home, only to find yourself lost in space with a damaged ship. Your only option is to beam down to the planet below, repair your ship and set off to explore the universe...
1532 | Wandering Sword is a Chinese martial-arts RPG where you play a young swordsman caught up in a feud and nearly dies. Escaping the event puts you on the path of pursuing the highest form of martial arts and exploring the pugilistic world to become the great hero you are always destined to be.
1533 | Build a nation and lead your people throughout history to the pinnacles of human achievement as you explore new lands, develop arts and culture, conduct diplomacy, and go head-to-head with your rivals to prove you are the greatest ruler ever known. It's Your World Now.
1534 | A galaxy-spanning adventure awaits in Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, a 3rd person action-adventure title from Respawn. An abandoned Padawan must complete his training, develop new powerful Force abilities, and master the art of the lightsaber - all while staying one step ahead of the Empire.
1535 | For The King is a strategic RPG that blends tabletop and roguelike elements in a challenging adventure that spans the realms. Set off on a single player experience or play cooperatively both online and locally.
1536 | Milky Way Idle: A multiplayer idle RPG where automation replaces grinding. Level up skills, gather resources, craft powerful items, and battle monsters—all while AFK. Trade in the marketplace, join a guild, team up for party combat, and socialize in chat as you progress effortlessly.
1537 | Starcom: Unknown Space is an action RPG of space exploration and adventure. Build your own starship while discovering an epic story in a universe of strange mysteries, alien factions and uncharted worlds.
1538 | Hearing noises? Seeing things? Call Home Safety Hotline! Our operators are standing by, waiting to give you the answers you need to protect your home from all manner of pests and household hazards.
1539 | Welcome to a vast, social sandbox MMO inspired by the legends of the medieval era. Here, myths are real, ghosts exist, and magic is unquestioned. Join thousands of players as you explore the land, build your home, forge your reputation, and craft your own stories. What world will you make?
1540 | Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder’s Revenge reunites Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello and Raphael as they kick shell in a beautifully realized beat ’em up.
1541 | Break thru walls, tear down buildings, and send structures crashing into each other in Instruments of Destruction, a vehicle-action game featuring advanced physics-based destruction. Pilot a variety of vehicles across dozens of missions and high score challenges in this highly-interactive world.
1542 | LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars will allow fans to explore endlessly and laugh their way through the Star Wars galaxy in the most humorous, accessible and action-packed LEGO game to date.
"1543 | A new entry in the “Bravely"" series! Four new Heroes of Light emerge in a new world and story!"
1544 | Crypto is back with a license to probe. The alien invader returns, groovier than ever. Experience the swinging ‘60s in all its chemical-induced glory and take revenge on the KGB for blowing up your mothership. You’ll have to form alliances with members of the very species you came to enslave.
1545 | Special Agents Mizuki and Ryuki, along with their AI partners Aiba and Tama, are tasked to solve the bizarre Half Body serial killings in this sequel to the critically acclaimed AI: THE SOMNIUM FILES.
1546 | You are the leader of an elite squad of Republic Commandos, your mission is to infiltrate, dominate, and ultimately, annihilate the enemy. Your squad will follow your orders and your lead, working together as a team - instinctively, intelligently, instantly. You are their leader. They are your weapon.
1547 | Welcome to the unique, turn-based strategy game set in the strange, flat world of the Square. Lead one of 16 distinct civilizations to victory by expanding your empire, researching technologies, and ultimately become ruler of the world! Play in single-player or multiplayer mode for up to 16 players.
1548 | Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare envisions a powerful future, where both technology and tactics have evolved to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise.Power Changes Everything.
1549 | Develop your newspaper and become New York’s new media mogul! In this tycoon, build and manage your newspaper from printer to toilet. Create your editorial line and lead your journalists through unique 1930's stories and dig out the latest scoops!
1550 | Behold! A game that is brimming with domination, humiliation, and bodily transformation. Oh, but there's more... brainwashing, tentacles, breast mutation, futanari, and lots of alien and parasitic sex!
1551 | Welcome, eager young investor, to AdVenture Capitalist! Arguably the world's greatest Capitalism simulator!
1552 | Build a resistance as you fight to take back a near-future London facing its downfall. Welcome to the Resistance.
1553 | Experience warfare like never before! Men of War II, the anticipated sequel to the highly acclaimed RTS franchise is here with all-new units, locations, campaigns, game modes and true trademarks of the series: historical fidelity and action-filled gameplay on the Eastern and Western Fronts of WWII.
1554 | Generation Zero is a stealth-action shooter where you wage guerilla warfare against lethal mechanical enemies. Explore a vast open world map inspired by the Swedish Cold War era, take part in the resistance alone or with up to three friends in seamless co-op.
1555 | The stage is set. Imagine an old baroque manor, perhaps a hotel or a museum, somewhere in central Europe. A woman wanders in search of answers.
1556 | From the award-winning developers at Arkane® Studios comes Dishonored®: Death of the Outsider, the next standalone adventure in the critically-acclaimed Dishonored® series.
1557 | First-person escape game, playable solo or co-op with up to 4 people. Solve riddles of a reclusive alchemist that trapped you in his workshop. Brew potions and overcome challenges as he laughs at your failures and makes light of your successes...But what if things are not what they seem?
1558 | Escape into a fun and beautiful world filled with the best mini golf courses you’ve ever seen! Play by yourself, meet someone new, or challenge your friends in a private game with up to 8 people. Extremely realistic physics create the perfect experience for hardcore golfers and casual players alike.
1559 | The XCOM: Enemy Unknown - Slingshot Pack is Now Available!
1560 | Embark on a dark squad RPG journey inspired by King Arthur's perilous adventures. Gather loyal heroes, explore a vast world, and battle against mythical bosses and monsters to restore the kingdom's former glory.
1561 | Sorry We're Closed is an eccentric story-driven survival horror game about demons, angels and what happens when both sides collide. A mix of classic fixed-camera exploration and arcade-style shooting where Michelle must use her Third Eye to see between worlds, uncover secrets and solve puzzles.
1562 | Crypt of the NecroDancer is an award winning hardcore roguelike rhythm game. Move to the music and deliver beatdowns to the beat! Groove to the epic Danny Baranowsky soundtrack, or select songs from your own MP3 collection!
1563 | Race in the golden era of rally. Drive iconic cars from the 60s to Group B on challenging stages through stylized environments inspired by real worldwide locations. Will you master the art of rally?
1564 | Forspoken follows the journey of Frey, a young New Yorker transported to the beautiful and cruel land of Athia. In search of a way home, Frey must use her newfound magical abilities to traverse sprawling landscapes and battle monstrous creatures.
1565 | Command a settlement of ancient humans, guide them through the ages in their struggle for survival. Hunt, gather, craft tools, fight, research new techs and face the challenges the environment will throw at you.
1566 | Experience the joy of running your own cozy small business: Create stickers, pack orders and hear your customers’ stories. Time to build the cutest shop on the internet!
1567 | Take your best shot with energizing arcade fun! Aim, shoot, clear the orange pegs, then sit back and cheer as 10 whimsical teachers guide you to Peggle greatness.
1568 | Play the odds in Lost in Random™, a gothic-fairy-tale-inspired action-adventure where every citizen’s fate is determined by a roll of the dice.
1569 | Escape the Mad Empire is a party-based, rogue-like dungeon crawler with intense and deeply tactical combat. Overcome the challenges as a band of heroes, and preserve their lives and sanity by managing resources and growing your base. Can you Escape the Mad Empire?
1570 | Idle or play whenever and wherever you want. Customize the looking of your favorite Angels. Automatically accumulate resources all the time.
1571 | HARVESTELLA, an all-new life-simulation RPG from SQUARE ENIX! Lead a life of self-sufficiency with your vibrant house as a base and cooperate with allies to overcome various threats.
1572 | Legend of Grimrock 2 is a dungeon crawling role playing game with a modern execution but an oldschool heart. A group of four prisoners have shipwrecked on the secluded Isle of Nex. The island is filled with ancient crumbled ruins, mysterious shrines and a vast underground network of dungeons.
1573 | You’re a state-installed landlord in a totalitarian country. Place listening devices, steal and sneak into your tenants’ apartments. Use what you uncovered to report anyone capable of plotting against the state. You MUST! But WILL you?
1574 | Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose in the violent, cold urban night. A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win. Prepare for pain…
1575 | RIVALS OF AETHER is an indie fighting game where warring civilizations summon the power of Fire, Water, Air, and Earth. Play with up to four players either locally or online.
1576 | A city builder with simulated citizens, set in a procedurally-generated world map. Grow your kingdom through the eras from a tiny medieval hamlet into a prosperous global empire! Cooperate or compete in real-time with your friends in multiplayer mode.
1577 | In a land torn asunder by incessant warfare, it is time to assemble your own band of hardened warriors and enter the fray. Lead your men into battle, expand your realm, and claim the ultimate prize: the throne of Calradia!
1578 | 3 high speed ninja action titles are now available in one package!
"1579 | Germany, 1956. The war is over, but justice is not served. Former Nazis walk free, while their victims lie in unmarked graves. As a prosecutor, you'll unearth long-buried evidence, confront witnesses and hunt down perpetrators. Will you have the courage to bring these ""ordinary men"" to court?"
1580 | Install hidden cameras, eavesdrop, collect information and seduce your cute but unsuspecting residents in this voyeuristic role-playing puzzle game!
1581 | Icaria is a robot colony builder where everything can be programmed. Build factories, design logistic networks, terraform the landscape, and explore an unknown alien world.
1582 | From the creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent comes SOMA, a sci-fi horror game set below the waves of the Atlantic ocean. Struggle to survive a hostile world that will make you question your very existence.
1583 | Neon White is a single-player speedrunning FPS where you can sacrifice your guns for godlike parkour moves.
1584 | Design and run your own railroads for the real world. Solve global transportation dilemmas. Unleash your inner railway engineer and transit policy manager.
1585 | The ultimate high-tech rubber duck simulation, Placid Plastic Duck brings you dangerous levels of relaxation. With chill music, dreamy 3D graphics, and many different happy ducks, your only priority is to float around. Zero Ducks given.
1586 | A co-op horror game like no other... Play with 1-8 players online as you solve puzzles, collect items and run from the horrors that lie within. Follow in the footsteps of Joan in the story mode or tackle procedurally generated maps that scale with your level and bring a fresh experience each game..
1587 | A relaxing, semi-idle pet game starring bugs from land, air and sea! Play as a research scientist living in a cabin with just your bugs and a penpal for company. Spoil them with pets, minigames, food and furniture. Raise and release bugs to help Beetleback Ridge recover from a devastating fire.
1588 | Welcome back to the new and improved Freddy Fazbear's Pizza! As always, Fazbear Entertainment is not responsible for death or dismemberment.
1589 | A FPS WW1 & Revolutionary War battle simulator with a focus on Workshop Content, rag-doll physics, intelligent AI, massive battles, procedural AI cover system, real-time building system and FPS combat!
1590 | Return to the Forgotten Realms in this bestselling Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game. Combines all the content of Neverwinter Nights Diamond Edition with all-new enhanced features. Includes 100+ hours of award-winning adventures and the tools to create your own!
1591 | Jack Nelson, a 24-year-old fire lookout, transferred to a new outpost. As he settled into his new home, he couldn't shake the feeling that something was off, little did he know what was transpiring down in Ironbark State Park.
1592 | Taking up a request to hunt demons, Mage Kanade arrives at a dungeon. However, she was turned into a futanari. In order to return safely from a dungeon full of milking traps, Kanade confronts the monsters…
1593 | Bomb Rush Cyberfunk is 1 second per second of advanced funkstyle. Battle rival crews and dispatch militarized police to conquer the five boroughs of New Amsterdam. Become All City.
1594 | Unleash epic magical powers in a wizard simulator inspired by the atmosphere of classic fantasy fiction! Brew potions in a bubbling cauldron with the help of the hyper-interactive Skully: your sassy, tormentable skull sidekick who reacts to everything you do. Playable on PC, Steam Deck, or VR!
1595 | Ages of Conflict is a versatile Map Simulation game where you create and observe custom AI nations battle it out across an infinite number of worlds. Paint imaginative maps and scenarios, and command nations to change history into your liking!
1596 | The Absolute Evil and its trusted *cough* servant, the Dark Elf Thalya, return in Dungeons 4 after the events of its fabulous predecessor to bring about their triumph over the forces of good once more.
1597 | Top, bake, and serve delicious pizzas in Papa's Pizzeria Deluxe! Craft pizzas for Papa Louie's loyal customers while earning tips, points, and Special Recipes. Unlock holiday ingredients for seasonal pies, and take a trip in the Food Truck to serve your own unique creations!
1598 | Following the epic storylines of Jurassic Park, The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park III, as well as the highly anticipated Jurassic World, LEGO Jurassic World™ is the first videogame where players will be able to relive and experience all four Jurassic films.
1599 | Join rookie attorney Apollo Justice and his mentor, the legendary Phoenix Wright, in this collection of 3 games! This title features 16 episodes (including previously DLC-only episodes) and supports English, French, German, Japanese Korean, and Traditional and Simplified Chinese.
1600 | Join Sonic in the high-speed adventure of a lifetime across a colorful interstellar amusement park. Color the Universe in Sonic Colors: Ultimate!
1601 | Walking simulator. Explore, admire and listen. Uncanny. Relaxing. Unnerving. Eerie. Immersive. No monsters chasing you or jumping towards at your screen, but can feel oppressive at times by invoking fears of getting lost, the dark, tight spaces and liminal space architecture. Inspired by backrooms.
1602 | A relaxing idle-farming simulator that sits at the bottom of your screen while you do other things.
1603 | Play as a dinosaur and become part of a player-created ecosystem! Beasts of Bermuda is a multiplayer game where players endure catastrophic storms and fearsome foes while growing to monstrous sizes. Do you have what it takes to survive in the Bermuda Triangle?
1604 | Restore an old motel alongside a shop and a gas station. Design, furnish, decorate and rent rooms. provide products for customers and fuel for cars. Hire employees to help you and be the boss of your own empire.
1605 | 「IfSunSets」 is a survival RPG adventure game. During the day, secure necessary supplies across the island, and survive the night against strong and terrifying monsters that track you down. You can utilize resources you've secured to build a base to fend off threatening monsters.
1606 | Tape to Tape is a roguelite hockey game where every choice matters on your journey to build the best hockey team. Choose your path, hire unique players, discover synergies between them, pick unique abilities, bribe the referees or visit the Blademaster on your way to restore hockey's former glory.
"1607 | ""Only the possibility of you can change our fate"" Rindo comes to the grim realization that his life is on the line when he is forced to compete in the so-called ""Reapers' Game."""
1608 | First-person 3D stealth action NSFW game. You have to go to the wife's room next door and set up a camera without anyone noticing. Maybe you can get away with a few pairs of fragrant underwear, and maybe there will be more unexpected developments.
1609 | When Lloyd Bannings is assigned to Crossbell's Special Support Section, he and his new teammates must prove themselves as they fight to overcome the injustice of a city gripped by corruption.
1610 | Build Master: MarsVille is a city-building and strategy game that invites you to create your Martian colony with your engineering genius and building skills. Form alliances, trade resources, and conquer rival colonies. Embrace the challenge and become the ultimate Build Master on Mars!
1611 | Plan your next game night! Jackbox Games is back with 5 hilarious new party games including Drawful Animate, Job Job, The Poll Mine, Weapons Drawn, and The Wheel of Enormous Proportions.
1612 | Explore the world of FPV like never before! In Liftoff®: Micro Drones any indoor area becomes an exciting aerial playground. Explore, customize and compete in this simulator dedicated to the micro drones class.
1613 | Ready for the chaos? Stumble Guys is a 32-player, fast-paced multiplayer party royale where players dash, jump, and fall across hilarious obstacle courses in a fun race to be the last one standing.
1614 | UNDERGROUND MECH FIGHTS! Wrap yourself in 5 tons of metal & go smashing through a dark scene of full-on metal-on-metal violence!
1615 | Your next chapter takes flight! Immerse yourself in the enchanting world of Quidditch by playing solo or sharing the magic with friends and family.
1616 | One of the most critically-acclaimed games in history, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare is back, remastered in true high-definition, featuring improved textures, physically based rendering, high-dynamic range lighting and much more.
1617 | Town of Sins is a cheeky card game with a unique battle system. Corrupt the city you stumble upon and recruit innocent babes to turn them into powerful women. Upgrade your cards, engage in steamy battles, enjoy epic adventures, and collect the sexiest girls.
1618 | An ancient evil lurking within the Master Emerald has been unleashed from its slumber by the devious Dr. Eggman and is on the verge of becoming the ultimate monster using the 7 Chaos Emeralds. Only Sonic and his friends are heroic enough to put a stop to Dr. Eggman and his evil minions.
1619 | Brave a new world in Stranded: Alien Dawn, a planet survival sim placing the fate of a small marooned group in your hands. Forge your story through compelling and immersive strategic gameplay as you make vital decisions to protect your survivors.
1620 | Drill for oil like it's 1899! Turmoil offers players a visually charming, tongue-in-cheek take on the simulation genre inspired by the 19th century oil rush in North America.
1621 | The world’s most realistic freestyle scooter game is finally here. Ride the skatepark, hit the streets, boost the mega ramp, fully customize your scooter & throw down all of the real life trick combinations you could dream of within this physics based scooter game.
1622 | Wizordum is a retro FPS that puts you in the role of a Mage on a quest to track down the source of Chaos. With a wide arsenal of spells and magic items, battle your way through the world of Terrabruma in this unique blend of classic 90s shooters and modern gaming elements.
1623 | A procedural co-op space sandbox where players can build their own space ships out of dynamically scalable blocks. Fight epic space battles, explore, mine, trade, wage wars and build your own empire to save your galaxy from being torn apart by an unknown enemy.
1624 | It's about TIME! Join your favorite Super Heroes and Super Villains from different eras and realities as they go head-to-head with the time-traveling Kang the Conqueror in the all-new, original adventure, LEGO® Marvel Super Heroes 2!
1625 | The most popular Heroes® title of all time is back in HD! Fifteen years later, rediscover the epic tale of Queen Catherine Ironfist, as she re-embarks on her critically acclaimed quest to unite her ravaged homeland and re-conquer the kingdom of Erathia.
1626 | Join the ranks of the Spiral Knights. Stranded on an alien world, you must explore the ever-changing Clockworks beneath its surface.
1627 | A cozy idle game that sits anywhere on your desktop. Watch the frog cut grass, upgrade his tools, and decorate the island while you work or relax.
1628 | The shadow of Frank Stone looms over Cedar Hills, a town forever altered by his violent past. As a group of young friends are about to discover, Stone’s blood-soaked legacy cuts deep, leaving scars across families, generations, and the very fabric of reality itself.
1629 | Construct and design buildings for optimal working conditions. Hire people to design and release software, so you can defeat the simulated competition and take over their businesses. Manage and educate your employees to make sure they are skilled and satisfied with their job.
1630 | The new reference in RTS at its best! The Wargame series returns to duty, larger, richer and more spectacular than ever before. In Wargame Red Dragon, you are engaged in a large-scale conflict where Western forces clash against the Communist bloc.
"1631 | ""Humiliation Dungeon Survivors"" is a 2.5D survivor Roguelike game. Over a dozen cute girls of different professions need to pick up weapons to protect themselves and try to survive in this dangerous dungeon! If they are attacked by monsters, they will be ruthlessly humiliated!"
1632 | Underground Blossom is a new adventure game by Rusty Lake. Fulfil various tasks at every station to find the metro that will take you through each important event from Laura Vanderboom's life.
1633 | Survive five nights of terror in this chilling adventure game. Travel between time periods to solve puzzles, gather clues, and outrun the threat relentlessly pursuing you. Move swiftly and stay hidden, and you may just survive. But be careful—it's not just your own life that’s on the line this time.
1634 | You & your friends are the deadliest killers in the galaxy – the US Colonial Marines. It’s up to you to not just survive, but wipe out the Xeno infestation.
1635 | RealFlight® is the industry-leading flight simulator for radio-controlled airplanes, helicopters, and drones. Fly more than 300 hyper-realistic vehicles in an immense, open world right from your desktop. This RC classic is a must-have tool for flight enthusiasts of all skill levels!
1636 | Colony Survival is a unique first-person strategy game developed by a two-man team. Build your own colony in a voxel world. Command guards, farmers, miners and other colonists. Defend your colony against the horde of monsters that attacks every night!
1637 | You are responsible somehow for a curse that befalls 12 unfortunate hawt dudes. Now you have to find them and break the curse with your love!!
1638 | Learn CPU architecture with puzzles
1639 | In Laundry Store Simulator, you'll start small and work your way up, upgrading your equipment, designing a stylish store, and expanding your services! Are you ready to own the best Laundry Store in the world?
1640 | A metrics-obsessed AI will monitor, profile, and entertain you as you progress through over a hundred genre-bending puzzles in this delightfully satirical adventure.
1641 | Dungeon Defenders II is a cooperative Action Tower Defense game packed with roleplaying elements like loot, leveling, and pets.
1642 | Tactical Assault VR is an intense tactical shooter where you use real-world CQB (Close Quarters Battles) tactics to stack up, breach doors and eliminate threats. Play solo or join an online co-op special forces unit in missions around the world.
1643 | The lightweight champion of wrestling comes full circle with higher resolution visuals and a smoother frame rate - whilst still retaining the retro style that puts the fun first! Now featuring whole other booking & roaming modes at no extra cost for the biggest Triple Threat in wrestling.
1644 | Sydney Harper, a 23-year-old working at a consulting firm plans a weekend getaway to a Woodbury rental with her college friends. Little did she know what was about to unfold during their stay.
1645 | Bohemia Interactive's debut game published by Codemasters as Operation Flashpoint in 2001, became genre-defining combat military simulation and the No. 1 bestselling PC game around the world and has won many international awards, including “Game of The Year” and “Best Action Game”. Over 2 million copies have been sold since its release.
1646 | Create a hero from one of four classes to save Etheria in this 4-player coop Tower Defense Action-RPG. Includes Steam exclusive Portal gun & TF2 familiars!
1647 | A chill idle-fishing desktop toy in the corner of your screen. Buy upgrades, catch rare fish, and customize your avatar at your own pace!
1648 | Embark on a heartrending journey into a brutal, breathtaking world, and discover the cost of saving those you love in a desperate struggle for survival. Strike from the shadows or unleash hell with a variety of weapons, tools and unearthly powers.
1649 | Perception is reality. In this mind-bending first-person puzzler, you escape a surreal dream world through solving impossible puzzles using the ambiguity of depth and perspective.
1650 | The legendary crossover hits are back! The action-packed lineup consisting of seven unique titles, is full of heavy hitters like X-MEN VS. STREET FIGHTER, and MARVEL vs. CAPCOM 2 New Age of Heroes. The collection also includes the rare beat 'em up game, THE PUNISHER.
1651 | In a city where information is heavily monitored, couriers called Runners transport sensitive data. In this seemingly utopian paradise, a crime has been committed, & you are being hunted. You are a Runner called Faith and this innovative first-person action-adventure is your story.
1652 | The newest riveting installment in the epic Under Night In-Birth saga rises from the Abyss! Improved visuals and battle system! Witness the curtain fall on the tale of the Hollow Night. Vie for supremacy through exhilarating combat and a deep, robust battle system!
1653 | Have you got what it takes to become the manager of a high-performance motorsport team? Motorsport Manager is a highly detailed, best-in-class management game for fans of motorsport. You’ll hire the drivers, build the cars and embed yourself in the dynamic world of racing.
1654 | Explore a world of elemental spirits and adventure in the latest Mana action-RPG.
1655 | Take command of your hand-tailored fleet of space warships and use realistic radar, electronic warfare, advanced movement controls in 3D space, and precision targeting to outmaneuver and outwit your opponents in a simulation-heavy tactical space game like no other.
1656 | To The Core is an incremental game about extracting and using resources from planets to buy upgrades.
1657 | If you can't save the one you love… How can you save humanity? Sequel to the visual novel cult classic. Experience an alternate worldline of STEINS;GATE.
1658 | In this classic point-and-click adventure anthology you follow the path of Dale and Laura and other famous Rusty lake characters such as Mr. Crow and Mr. Owl. The series will be updated, preserved and bundled to survive the end of the Flash Games era.
1659 | Investigate your own death, find ways to break free from a time loop, choose a hero who will ascend to the throne and rule the Northern gate! The fates of whole nations of the land of Midian depend on your choices.
1660 | Partner up with your friend online and test your friendship by solving puzzles together in an abandoned amusement park. Work together to overcome brain-teasing challenges in this standalone We Were Here experience.
1661 | Venture forth as part of a specialized team of fellow players tasked with retrieving classified materials, evading the black goo virus, and the nightmarish entities it has spawned. With time running out before the US government initiates a devastating nuclear strike to contain the spreading menace.
1662 | Ostranauts is a hardcore noir space-sim. Manage life aboard your ship, and beware the cost of every decision you make. Scavenge and explore the boneyard. Create, build, and customise your ship. Hire a crew to help but remember, nothing is more certain than death and taxes.
1663 | The original assassin is back! Betrayed by the Agency and hunted by the police, Agent 47 finds himself pursuing redemption in a corrupt and twisted world.
1664 | Become the spirits of the land, and defend the island from colonizing Invaders spreading blight and destruction! Your spirits work with the native islanders to increase your power and drive the invading colonists from your island in this strategic area-control game.
1665 | A stylish blend of deck-building, turn-based tactics, and thrilling animated fight sequences in classic action-movie settings. Learn to balance your hand, momentum, and positioning to overcome the odds to defeat your adversaries. Build your deck, control the space and live to fight another day.
1666 | You're a survivor in the zombie infested ruins of society, and must work with your friends and forge alliances to remain among the living.
1667 | Bendy and the Dark Revival® is a first-person survival horror game set in the creepiest cartoon studio to ever exist. Discover the truth. Escape the studio. Above all, fear the Ink Demon…and survive.
1668 | Nodebuster is a short, experimental incremental game about busting nodes and destroying reality.
1669 | Coffee Talk is a coffee brewing and heart-to-heart talking simulator about listening to fantasy-inspired modern peoples’ problems, and helping them by serving up a warm drink or two.
1670 | Become a one-man construction crew! Travel around the world and through the ages to build iconic designs! Beware of unpleasant temperatures and dangerous fauna!
1671 | Everyone will be given ACTUAL CHEATS in this multiplayer shooter. Use wallhacks and aimbots to your advantage and dominate the other cheetahs. The winner will get to BAN all losers!
1672 | Arizona Sunshine® Remake elevates the original, award-winning game, completely rebuilt with GORE-geous VR graphics and next-gen VR combat and weapons. Face the undead alone or with up to three fellow survivors in a post-apocalyptic southwestern America overrun by zombies.
1673 | Hitchhike your way to freedom in this crazy procedurally generated road trip. No one's road is the same!
1674 | Melatonin is a rhythm game about dreams and reality merging together. It uses animations and sound cues to keep you on beat without any intimidating overlays or interfaces. Harmonize through a variety of dreamy levels containing surprising challenges, hand-drawn art, and vibrant music.
1675 | Become a demonic priestess of lust and use her unique skills to take revenge on your enemies. Regain your kingdom making hell tremble under your hooves! Leave no one alive if they won't bend the knee.
1676 | A slice-of-life adventure about childhood and the magical grip soccer held over the people of Quito, Ecuador in 2001.
1677 | The epic story of evolution, technology, humanity, and dinosaurs is yours to tap.
1678 | Play as Mad Max, a reluctant hero and survivor who wants nothing more than to leave the madness behind and find solace.
1679 | Explore a stunning open-world filled with majestic creatures and quirky characters. Nurture the barren land into vibrant ecosystems and flex your creativity as you build a thriving civilization in balance with nature. Visit other player’s worlds in an evolving online CO-OP experience.
1680 | A 3D pet simulation where you raise your own personal hive of mutating dogs, physically simulated all the way down to their guts! Wobbledogs is a casual and chill sandbox for players of all ages who want to care for their very own virtual pets in a surprising, unique, and stress-free environment.
1681 | Farm Manager 2021 is an indie game that lets you relax and immerse yourself in farm management. A casual but grounded builder game that combines management and farm maintenance in one package. Grow and expand your farm into a thriving estate or enjoy it as a delightful escape from everyday life.
1682 | A new type of RTS-style game with elements from 4X, Wargame, and Real-Time Tactics genres. Draw commands and execute a superior strategy to win over your opponent without the need for micro-management.
1683 | It’s the wildest Party Pack yet, with the absurd deathmatch Trivia Murder Party 2, the weird word circus Dictionarium, the hidden identity game Push The Button, the comedy contest Joke Boat and the offbeat personality test Role Models.
1684 | It's ten years since the infection started. Long-established settlements are collapsing, one by one, for unknown reasons. Survivors are running to the hills to escape, hoping for safety in remote places. As another refugee, you're here to carve out a new life for yourself - by any means necessary.
1685 | A drafting roguelike focused on synergies, scaling, and positioning. Recruit Gods from different mythologies, buff and upgrade them, arrange them in perfect formation, and defend the Earth from cosmic horrors!
1686 | A Dance of Fire and Ice is a strict rhythm game. Keep your focus as you guide two orbiting planets along a winding path without breaking their perfect equilibrium.
1687 | The disappearance of an ambitious engineer and his high-society wife provokes a hunt for a precious artefact. The trail leads you to the attic of their home, and the discovery of an old, peculiar dollhouse. What secrets lie within these walls?
1688 | Welcome to the club! Write poems for your crush and experience the terror of school romance in this critically-acclaimed psychological horror story.
1689 | Start from nothing and rise to the top as you expand your criminal empire in Drug Lord Tycoon.
1690 | Organize and give out lost items! Lost But Found is a job simulator game where you are an officer who oversees the lost items in an airport. Organize those items and distribute them to people who lost their belongings. Upgrade your office, manage requests, collect stickers, and more.
1691 | Seize forbidden treasures. Summon alien gods. Feed on your disciples. Cultist Simulator is a game of apocalypse and yearning. Play as a seeker after unholy mysteries, in a 1920s-themed setting of hidden gods and secret histories.
1692 | Cast into the Great Well, unwanted by the world above. You delve the dark in search of the Old One, your last salvation. Lunacid is a dark fantasy dungeon crawler inspired by Shadow Tower and King’s Field.
"1693 | The protagonist's life takes a turn after their partner Yarimon learns the ultra-invincible move, the ""Cheat Tackle"". While challenging various trainers to participate in the Yarimon tournament, the protagonist unexpectedly discovers the secrets of this world."
1694 | Shogun Showdown is a turn-based combat game with rogue-like and deck-building elements. Position yourself and attack at the right time, upgrade your tiles and combo them to get ready to face the Shogun!
"1695 | The latest title in the ""TGM"" series, ""TETRIS® THE GRAND MASTER 4 -ABSOLUTE EYE-"" offers the ultimate Tetris game that no one has ever experienced before. Challenge yourself in new modes such as ASUKA and SHIRANUI."
1696 | Ravager is a role-playing game where you play a young dragon, determined to reclaim his birthright. To do so, you will need to build your power, ally with dark forces, evade justice, and whet your monstrous appetites.
1697 | The greatest grappling game returns to take on the world! Customize every aspect of the match, from your wrestler to the ring itself, in your fight for the championship belt.
1698 | Pinball FX is digital pinball evolved. Get the highest score on tables inspired by the biggest brands in entertainment. New tables arrive frequently!
1699 | From the creators of Bloons TD6... Bloons TD Battles 2 is a brand new installment of the top-rated head-to-head tower defense game. Gather your Hero, choose your team of powerful Monkey Towers, and prepare to battle one on one against other players and relentless waves of Bloons!
1700 | Embark on an adventure to discover your memories and save the world from a mechanical infection. Maneuver your skill trajectories during battle, and dive into a new dimension with a unique twist on a classic RPG experience.
1701 | Neon Abyss is a frantic, roguelite action-platformer where you run ‘n’ gun your way into the Abyss. Featuring unlimited item synergies and a unique dungeon evolution system, each run diversifies the experience and every choice alters the ruleset.
1702 | Control powerful mechs from the future to defeat an alien threat. Each attempt to save the world presents a new randomly generated challenge in this turn-based strategy game.
1703 | Summon your stands and brawl it out! Dive into the thrill of mowing down enemies, synthesizing and upgrading, mining, forging gear, unlocking new characters and equipment. Discover unique stands combos and craft your own battle style to break through the chaos!
1704 | MINDS BENEATH US is an emotional sci-fi narrative game. Through the eyes of a humble individual, experience a mad world where humans are exploited as computing devices for AI. Listen to the concerns of those you meet and offer guidance. Together, face challenges and confront an uncertain destiny.
1705 | Race against other players to explore Valhalla and conquer Midgard!
1706 | Fight under the onslaught of mutated monsters, obsessed soldiers and even darker bosses. Just try to survive and find out what to do next in this life, simultaneously tearing your enemies to pieces.
1707 | Fight & strategize your way through spectacles and arenas -- rise from lowly slave to Grand Champion and earn your freedom. Or... die trying. This Gladiator RPG Roguelite features in-depth career management and a unique physics simulated combat system. To those who are about to die, I salute you!
1708 | Made by and for skaters, the dual stick controls faithfully reproduce your feet on the skateboard for an ultra-realistic experience. Try out real-life iconic skate spots, customise your skater and equipment with items from the top brands
1709 | Finnish Cottage Simulator is the ultimate cottage experience. Relax and enjoy the Finnish summer nature, go to the sauna, get drunk, grill food or play games with others!
1710 | Rick and Morty: Virtual Rick-ality smashes together the absolute VR chaos of the award-winning Job Simulator with the ridiculous, all-out, take-no-prisoners comedy of Rick and Morty.
1711 | Demolish your friends with hundreds of upgradable weapons shot from your customizable tank in this action-packed online multiplayer tanks game. Earn XP to level up and unlock new tanks, weapons, and gear. Fight against or alongside your friends for strategic team or free-for-all matches.
1712 | The United States has a military presence in two-thirds of countries around the world, and some of them have had enough. A group of terrorists calling themselves The Engineers initiate a terror ultimatum called the Blacklist - a deadly countdown of escalating attacks on U.S. interests.
1713 | In solo or co-op, experience Reign of Sand, the ultimate version of Atlas Fallen. Ride the sands of a timeless land and defeat legendary monsters in spectacular Action-RPG combat using devastating powers.
1714 | Become a Gunsmith and unveil the great pleasure of working in your own workshop! Repair, restore and personalize guns to make unique pieces that every firearm lover will appreciate.
1715 | The world of mega-hit manga and anime BLEACH comes to Steam in this exciting 3D action game! Build a team using your favorite characters from the BLEACH universe!
1716 | The British Institute of Archaeology, London, 1908: The disappearance of an esteemed Egyptologist prompts a Police investigation into the unknown. Explore cryptic locations, examine fantastic gadgets and uncover an otherworldly discovery which blurs the line between reality and illusion.
1717 | SOVL is a ruleset for playing fantasy wargames. It can be played with miniatures on a table or digitally on Steam.
1718 | Monster Train is a strategic roguelike deck building game with a twist. Set on a train to hell, you’ll use tactical decision making to defend multiple vertical battlegrounds. With real time competitive multiplayer and endless replayability, Monster Train is always on time.
1719 | Beacon Pines is a cute and creepy adventure set within a mysterious book. Sneak out late, make new friends, uncover hidden truths, and collect words that will change the course of fate!
1720 | Corporate greed meets strategic planet-mining in Drill Core! Drill to the heart of planets while managing workers, researching cutting-edge tech, and fortifying against alien attacks. Will you prioritize efficiency and risk your workers' safety, or focus on defense for survival?
1721 | The Bus is the next generation of city bus driving simulation. Sell tickets and transport passengers with various buses on different lines across the German capital Berlin on a realistic scale of 1:1.
1722 | No remarkable journey is achieved without great effort. In Outward, the cold of the night or an infected wound can be as dangerous as a predator lurking in the dark. Explore the vast world of Aurai solo or in Co-op. The Definitive Edition features both DLCs and quality of life improvements.
1723 | The REJECTION SIM returns! Explore a slice of chaotic life in late 2000's American high school as you assume the role of Nicole once again. A 100% fully voiced VN presenting as the most culturally accurate period piece in the history of gaming.
1724 | Bendy and the Ink Machine® is the first person puzzle action horror game that will forever ruin your childhood love of cartoons.
1725 | At Dead Of Night is part horror film, part horror game and part ghost hunt. It blends live-action and graphics to create a unique immersive horror experience like no other.
1726 | Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night is an exploration-focused, side-scroller action RPG by Koji Igarashi. Play as Miriam, an orphan scarred by an alchemist's curse that slowly crystallizes her body. Battle through a demon-infested castle and defeat its master to save yourself, and all of humanity!
"1727 | The sparks of destiny ignite in this rich depiction of the Warring States period that features a total of 55 different officers. The deluxe edition contains more than 150 previously released DLC from ""SAMURAI WARRIORS 4,"" including costumes, weapons, customization parts, scenarios, and BGM!"
1728 | Komaru Naegi has been imprisoned inside a mysterious apartment for over a year. Her rescue is derailed when hundreds of Monokumas suddenly attack. She teams up with Toko Fukawa to survive the rampaging Monokumas, escape the crafty Monokuma Kids, and uncover the secrets of the city.
1729 | Lust Academy is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel about adventures and studying in the school of magic and wizardry. Play as a young guy who got invited to Cordale Academy. The whole world full of sorcery and passion awaits you!
1730 | My Friend Pedro is a violent ballet about friendship, imagination, and one man’s struggle to obliterate anyone in his path at the behest of a sentient banana.
1731 | #DRIVE Rally is an arcade-inspired rally-driving experience set in the golden racing era of the ‘90s. Grab your co-driver and burn some rubber on iconic race-winning cars across a variety of terrains in some of the most iconic rallying locations in the world!
1732 | Office Affairs: Executive Decisions is a mature, open-world RPG that blends the intrigue of high-stakes corporate drama with the complexities of modern relationships. Set in the world of corporate finance, step into a world where power, passion, and politics collide.
1733 | Take command of a civilization that has just achieved faster-than-light travel in Galactic Civilizations IV, the newest entry in the award-winning space 4X strategy game series. Explore the galaxy, colonize worlds, shape cultures, make alliances, fight wars and pioneer new technologies.
1734 | A card battler based in the rich universe of the Horus Heresy, the origin story of Warhammer 40,000. Play through epic single-player campaigns, take part in draft tournaments based on famous battles, or build your own unstoppable deck and compete in fast and epic duels against players worldwide.
1735 | PERFECTLY CRAFTED FOR PC. PlayStation® icon Sackboy bursts into action on PC in a huge 3D multiplayer platforming adventure. An epic journey stuffed with platforming challenges. Deeply immersive controls. Collaborative, chaotic and joyful multiplayer fun.
1736 | Contractors is a team-based competitive multiplayer shooter game for virtual reality devices. Experience the next level virtual warfare with hardcore controls, lethal weapons, customizable load-outs, and intense firefights. BECOME AN OPERATOR.
1737 | Embark on an epic saga in Asgard's Fall, a norse Survivors-like Roguelite. Fight your way through hordes of creatures and let the gods feel your relentless wrath. How will your saga unfold?
1738 | Operation: New Earth is an intense sci-fi multiplayer strategy game in which you must command an advanced military facility to defend Earth from a hostile alien invasion. Create an alliance, gather resources, and unlock advanced technology to level up your stronghold!
1739 | Create incredible parks in the original rollercoaster sim from Chris Sawyer.
1740 | A photographer enters the Great Pyramids to photograph Pharaoh Rudamon’s remains, but is soon overwhelmed by a sinister curse, as the ancient tomb awakens dark forces that claw at his sanity.
1741 | Play one of the best cooking games! Take control of a highly polished, realistic kitchen equipped with all kinds of utensils and stands. Unlock and master over 80 recipes or use dozens of lifelike ingredients to cook everything you like. A simulator spiced up with a dash of real-life physics!
1742 | FANTASY GROUNDS is a powerful virtual tabletop that allows your TTRPG group to connect - whether you're around a table or online. With its updated visuals, versatile interface, comprehensive features, and vast library of supported game systems, Fantasy Grounds VTT provides unforgettable experiences!
1743 | Navigate an open-world island in an old train, upgrade it over time, and use it to fight an evil spider train named Charles.
1744 | Shape worlds with your godly titans. Make symbiotic ecosystems and inspire humanity with your creations. Their achievements unlock new possibilities. Make different planets for different human spirits, and fill the universe with life!
1745 | Can't find a date for the homecoming dance? Then order AmaZone's Alexa today! Our newest version of Alexa is a super sexy humanoid robot ready to follow your every command! *AmaZone is not responsible for Alexa AI sentience or robo-hostility, or global destruction
1746 | Tactical Squad-Based Combat comes to the Fallout® Universe! You are the wretched refuse. You may be born from dirt, but we will forge you into steel. You will learn to bend; if not you, will you break. In these dark times, the Brotherhood - your Brotherhood - is all that stands between the rekindled flame of civilization and the howling,...
1747 | In a bid to survive, explore the sprawling, devastated Jericho City. Fight ferocious threats in brutal, unforgiving combat, slashing and tearing the limbs off your opponents to steal their equipment.
1748 | Assemble a team of 5 daring girls and compete against other heroes in captivating match-3 team battles. Discover the best combination among hundreds of abilities and effects that will help you rise to the top of the Pleasure Tower and claim the throne of the universe’s greatest champion!
1749 | THE WORLD IS ENDING AND THE GODS ARE SQUABBLING! Suck up and launch dialogue in a world of puzzles, puppets, and weird gods… or THE RIFT WILL CONSUME US ALL!
1750 | It’s the biggest Party Pack yet, including the return of the classic pop culture trivia mash-up YOU DON’T KNOW JACK: Full Stream; the game of hilarious hypotheticals Split the Room; the lyric-writing, robot rap battle Mad Verse City; the inventive drawing game Patently Stupid; and the outer space fling-fest Zeeple Dome.
1751 | Build your dungeon & protect it with a labyrinth of dark corridors, a web of deadly traps, an arsenal of powerful spells, and an army of bloodthirsty demons
1752 | The feast has begun, can you escape the village alive?
1753 | DARKEST DAYS is a zombie shooting RPG set in a post-apocalyptic world devastated by a sudden zombie outbreak. Explore a dark yet captivating open world, build a sanctuary with fellow survivors, grow stronger, and fight for survival.
1754 | This compilation includes the entire RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 series, with the original game as well as the Time Twister and Wacky Worlds expansions.
1755 | Drive, Explore, Operate and Create the railroad of your dreams - and now you can collaborate in real time with Multiplayer Surveyor! TRS22 showcases a range of high quality routes, sessions and trains to drive, plus all the scenery you need to make your own masterpiece.
"1756 | Homicipher is a language deciphering and exploration ADV based on the concept of ""romance with horror men."" The protagonist, who has wandered into another world, interacts with non-human beings to decipher their language while striving to escape."
1757 | In this city-building strategy game, you control a group of exiled travelers who decide to restart their lives in a new land. They have only the clothes on their backs and a cart filled with supplies from their homeland. The townspeople of Banished are your primary resource.
1758 | Rise of Gun - immerses you in a world of zombie apocalypse as a gun store owner. Buy parts, craft, sell, upgrade your store and hire workers. Help to humanity survive
1759 | KeyWe is a cute, co-operative postal puzzler starring Jeff and Debra, two small kiwi birds working in a whimsical post office. They must jump, flap, peck and butt-slam their way across an interactive landscape of levers, bells and buttons to get those messages delivered on time!
1760 | A group of documentary film makers receive a mysterious call inviting them to a modern-day replica of serial killer H.H. Holmes ‘Murder Castle’. But on arrival they soon discover they’re being watched, and even manipulated, and suddenly there is much more at stake than just their ratings…
1761 | True Fear: Forsaken Souls Part 3 is the final chapter of the psychological thriller trilogy. With point-and-click mechanics, intricate puzzles, and cinematic cutscenes, immerse yourself in a dark horror experience that redefines the genre.
1762 | You are a young man that works as a physical therapist and you are called to a house job by a rich and somewhat strange man, who turns out to be the leader of a mysterious cult. His daughter, Charlotte was involved in an accident months ago and still hasn't fully recovered...
1763 | Blood Bar Tycoon is a vampire bar management game. Build bars and blood factories, lure humans to harvest their blood, process it, and serve your customers: other vampires. Research quirky machines and deal with hunters! Expand through Crimson City to become a mighty Elder!
1764 | Shin chan: Summer Vacation Experience
1765 | Experience a gripping retelling of WrestleMania’s greatest moments in 2K Showcase of the Immortals in WWE 2K24, where you can relive a collection of some of the most unforgettable, career-defining matches.
1766 | Bear and Breakfast is a laid-back management adventure game where you build and run a bed and breakfast...but you’re a bear.
1767 | Cinnabunny is a cozy life simulator game where you play as a bunny who runs a bakery. Unlock new recipes, go birdwatching, collect mushrooms, and charm your community. Save up enough carrots to help your family move.
1768 | Experience iconic golf courses like Pebble Beach, St Andrews and Wolf Creek in the most realistic free golf game, and connect with millions of players all over the world!
1769 | Immortals of Aveum is a single-player first person magic shooter that tells the story of Jak as he joins an elite order of battlemages to save a world on the edge of abyss.
1770 | Digseum is a short incremental journey about digging up ancient relics and building the greatest museum ever!
1771 | Beat Banger is a mature furry rhythm game ( In the early development phase ). Enter the lone hero in a rags-to-bitches story. Work your way to the top of Beat Banger Studios, a rhythmic pornography company in desperate need of some assistance.
1772 | Find supplies to maintain your stamina. Complete ten laps. Escape.
1773 | Reawaken the critically acclaimed FATE games like never before! Play all 4 classic dungeon crawler titles with enhanced graphics as you battle through challenging procedurally generated dungeons, learn powerful spells, and fish to your heart’s content. Are you up to the task? Your FATE awaits!
1774 | Have you ever wondered what flight attendants do on each flight? Let's find out with Cabin Crew Life Simulator, the pioneering flight attendant simulator with variety of aircraft, airports, passenger services, handling emergency situations, in-flight business, teamwork and much more.
1775 | Welcome to Amber Isle - a quaint, friendly village of prehistoric residents who are in need of a new shopkeep... That’s you! Craft and sell items, upgrade your shop, befriend your Paleofolk neighbours and customise the island to bring the village back to life and welcome even more prehistoric pals!
1776 | Katana ZERO is a stylish neo-noir, action-platformer featuring breakneck action and instant-death combat. Slash, dash, and manipulate time to unravel your past in a beautifully brutal acrobatic display.
1777 | Bulwark: Evolution mixes elements of a chill builder with grand strategy and exploration elements. It's a genre bending experimental game that can be both a peaceful building experience or a total conquest with airships, warbirds and fortresses. It's up to the player to decide.
1778 | A deep, open world life sim and town building game set in a cozy post-apocalyptic paradise. Restore an old town, sail across a mysterious archipelago. Hunt for relics and farm, fish & craft everything you need. Can you help turn Critter Cove into a thriving tourist town once again?
1779 | A mysterious story of a mysterious dream ... This is a story about one of the adventures Sophie the Alchemist had after she left her hometown of Kirchen Bell.
1780 | Survive your evolution in Neogene Africa starting 10 million years ago. Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey is a third-person open world survival game where you Explore, Expand, and Evolve to advance your clan to the next generation in the exciting new adventure from Panache Digital Games.
1781 | Enter the world of The Eminence in Shadow: Master of Garden, a multiplayer, narrative driven, action-RPG where players form their own party from a deep roster of unique characters, voiced by the actors from the anime, and engage in new stories, to take down the world-threatening Cult of Diabolos.
1782 | Squirrel, meet gun. As the neighborhood’s most obnoxious rodent, develop a knack (and a love?) for crime and mayhem in pursuit of golden acorns in this nutty sandbox shooter and puzzle platformer. Fight tooth, claw, and gun to escape a secret underground facility and defeat the Agents.
1783 | Relax and catch fish in a beautiful environment. Hire skilled crewmates, invest in lucrative buildings, unlock many boats & upgrades. Dive into the challenge of the fishing mini-game for an interactive experience unlike any other!
1784 | KILL KNIGHT is an ultra-responsive arcade-inspired isometric action shooter. Condemned to eternal sufferance, deep within the voids of an eldritch arena, you must wield an arsenal of devastating weaponry to obliterate swarms of otherworldly horrors - and MASTER THE DEMON WITHIN.
1785 | The legend is alive! LIVE A LIVE, originally only released for the Super Famicom in Japan, is being revived on Steam! Experience this legendary RPG, brought alive in the same HD-2D visual style as OCTOPATH TRAVELER.
1786 | S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl tells a story about survival in the Zone – a very dangerous place, where you fear not only the radiation, anomalies and deadly creatures, but other S.T.A.L.K.E.R.s, who have their own goals and wishes.
1787 | The game that defined the survival-horror genre is back! Check out the remastered HD version of Resident Evil.
1788 | STEINS;GATE ELITE follows a rag-tag band of tech-savvy young students who discover the means of changing the past via e-mail using a modified microwave.
1789 | Create your own ultimate Gundam in the newest Gundam Breaker! With more customizable parts than ever before, you finally have the freedom to build your perfect Gunpla. Test it in battle using the brand new dual-weapon system and break parts off of your enemies and add them to your collection.
1790 | Welcome to the FDI. As our newest Operator, your role is to use your detective skills to assist our field agents and investigate mysterious crimes. Use cutting-edge FDI software to dig for clues, solve puzzles, and uncover the truth.
"1791 | Orc Massage is a 3D adult simulation game. You play as an honest Orc who is trying to make a living with his business, but his monster girl clients have a bad habit of getting turned on by his ""handy work"". Will he stay professional or be seduced by his clients? That is all on you!"
1792 | Avengers Assemble! The best-selling LEGO® MARVEL videogame franchise returns with a new action-packed, Super Hero adventure.
1793 | The Infected is a survival crafting game set in an open world sandbox. Build your base defend and protect yourself from wildlife and infected Vambies. (Hybrid Vampire-Zombie)
1794 | An epic supernatural horror adventure and the spiritual successor to cult classic Scratches set in a massive, decaying mental institute. Inspired by H. P. Lovecraft, Hammer Films and twisted Euro Horror from the 80s.
1795 | In Junkyard Builder, you’re the proud owner of a once-forgotten junkyard, now brimming with endless potential. Dive into the satisfying world of restoration, recycling, and raw hustle as you transform trash into treasure and rise to become the ruler of the junk empire!
1796 | A small, relaxing, incremental game about restoring a barren wasteland into a lush meadow. Help the magical wolf Lyca run through the land, gather resources, and unlock a vast upgrade tree.
1797 | Return to Calypso Island to serve seasonal sundae treats in Papa's Freezeria Deluxe! Craft sundaes in the Freezeria for all your quirky customers while earning tips, points and Special Recipes. Switch gears and take a trip in the Food Truck to concoct your own chilly creations and see who shows up!
1798 | Rain hell on the enemy from 12,000 feet in an AC-130 Gunship. Project Gunship provides an authentic and historical simulation of combat in all gunship variants from Vietnam to present day.
1799 | Ghostrunner offers a unique single-player experience: fast-paced, violent combat, and an original setting that blends science fiction with post-apocalyptic themes. It tells the story of a world that has already ended and its inhabitants who fight to survive.
1800 | “Sunshine Love”, is a first/third-person choice-based visual novel with multiple romance options. The game has now been completed, and all three chapters are available to play and finish!
1801 | Teddy’s Haven is a cozy shop simulator where you manage a magical store, explore a whimsical world, and master skills like Stocking and Harvesting. Enjoy shop customization, dynamic events, and a New Game+ system. Join Early Access to help shape the game’s future!
1802 | Descend the nether in search of Death himself! Choose from God-given powers to slay his hordes of minions. Unlock new heroes, collect powerful items and create game-breaking synergies in this roguelite hack and slash survivors game.
1803 | An 18+ game that features a unique combat system mixed with adult activity that is never before seen in any other game.
1804 | Step into the shoes of a skilled Anonymous hacker and embark on a mission to unveil the truth hidden behind a sinister organization's plans to monitor civilian data and enforce mass surveillance.
1805 | The Great War: Western Front is the definitive WW1 strategy game. Play a deciding role in history with this real-time tactical experience as you take charge in the iconic Western Front from 1914 to 1919. Pick your faction and lead your forces to victory.
1806 | Experience the daily life of a shopkeeper! Clean and decorate the place, pay taxes, gather resources and craft products that can be sold for maximum profits! Explore the world, hunt, and cultivate the land! Own the best shop in the region and save your father from the wrath of the King!
1807 | You are an intern at the central ministry of a totalitarian state with your whole career ahead of you. Work your way up the ladder by scheming against employees, spying on your boss, and completing paperwork. Or do you turn against the state and expose corruption. The choice is still yours to make!
1808 | Trapped in a dark, Victorian city consumed by an ancient curse, you must plan your survival and daring escape using nothing but stealth, an arsenal of eccentric weapons, and your wit in this haunting adventure inspired by the immersive sims and survival horror greats of the late 90s and early 2000s.
1809 | Spirit of the North is a single-player 3rd-person adventure game inspired by the breathtaking and mysterious landscapes of Iceland. Play as an ordinary red fox whose story becomes entwined with the guardian of the Northern Lights, a female spirit fox.
1810 | A sci-fi roguelike deckbuilder with a deep new single-axis spin on tactics games! Dodge missiles, line up your cannons, and blast 'em out of the sky... Then get to the bottom of these time loops, before it's too late!
1811 | Super Mega Baseball™ 4 is where the Legends play. The signature combo of arcade-inspired style and immersive gameplay returns with over 200 baseball Legends and a grand slam of presentation upgrades.
1812 | KinitoPET is a psychological horror experience that takes place through Kinito, an early 2000s virtual assistant. Kinito is able to walk, talk, browse, adapt, and play games as Kinito is like no other with its adaptive technology!
1813 | Back 4 Blood is a thrilling cooperative first-person shooter from the creators of the critically acclaimed Left 4 Dead franchise. Experience the intense 4 player co-op narrative campaign, competitive multiplayer as human or Ridden, and frenetic gameplay that keeps you in the action.
1814 | BioShock is a shooter unlike any you've ever played, loaded with weapons and tactics never seen. You'll have a complete arsenal at your disposal from simple revolvers to grenade launchers and chemical throwers, but you'll also be forced to genetically modify your DNA to create an even more deadly weapon: you.
1815 | Voxel Tycoon — a management sim set in the infinite voxel world. Mine resources and process them into goods on your custom factories. Set up supply chains and passenger routes with a huge fleet of trains, trucks, and buses, and turn small towns into prosperous megacities with a thriving economy!
1816 | Play solo or in up to 10-player multiplayer co-op! Flashing Lights is an open world police, firefighting and EMS simulator game with plenty of opportunity for role-play or more relaxed fun with friends. Become the law or save lives! Discover leagues of player-created mods!
1817 | Travel around The Great Gales to climb challenging peaks in this physics-based climbing adventure set in 1887. Meet like-minded mountaineers, unlock helpful climbing gear, and become a pioneer of mountaineering.
1818 | At the close of the Iraq War, Special Forces hunting for weapons of mass destruction unearth something far deadlier – a buried Sumerian temple containing a nest of unearthly creatures. To survive the night below, they must forge a brotherhood with their enemies from the world above.
1819 | Choose between Yuito and Kasane, elite psionics each armed with a talent in psychokinesis and their own reason to fight. Complete both of their stories to unlock all the mysteries of a Brain Punk future caught between technology and psychic abilities.
1820 | In Animal Shelter, your main target is to make your four-legged friends happy. Pet them, hand out treats, play with toys - and they will pay you back with great trust. Get to know the animals well enough to find them the best home! Don't wait any longer, open your animal shelter now!
1821 | Mortal Sin is a chaotic, blood-soaked roguelike where skill is power—and overconfidence is death. Carve through procedurally generated nightmares with brutal melee and flashy, satisfying combos.
"1822 | An international hit anime ""Attack on Titan"" has come to Steam®! Battle is joined between the man-eating Titans and Eren and his companions. Experience the illusion of being in the anime, and controlling the flow of the story. The story from the anime, with a few original twists, is yours to experience!"
1823 | Moonstone Island is a creature-collecting life-sim set in an open world with 100 islands to explore. Make friends, brew potions, collect Spirits, and test your strength in card-based encounters to complete your Alchemy training!
1824 | Fire up a wild ride across the cosmos with a fresh take on Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy. In this action-adventure game, you are Star-Lord leading the unpredictable Guardians from one explosion of chaos to the next. You got this. Probably.
1825 | Use magic spells and military surplus explosives to topple an evil crime syndicate hidden beneath a prestigious wizarding school. Learn spells, engage in espionage, and spread lore-unfriendly chaos.
1826 | (the) Gnorp Apologue is the journey of the gnorps as you guide them towards their goal of delightfully excessive wealth accumulation.
1827 | Fisher Online - online wild fishing simulator. Forget about licenses and catch rates. Choose bait or lures and catch fish in Europe and Russia.
1828 | Terra Nil is an intricate environmental strategy game about transforming a barren wasteland into a thriving, balanced ecosystem. Bring life back to a lifeless world by purifying soil, cleaning oceans, planting trees, and reintroducing wildlife, then leave without a trace.
1829 | Tunguska: The Visitation is a single player top-down shooter RPG. Seek fortune as a Ghoul Hunter in an abandoned Soviet Exclusion Zone. Use your grit and ingenuity to survive deadly radiation, mysterious anomalies, and poisonous mutants. Go in guns-blazing, or stay in the shadows - your choice.
1830 | In Amanda the Adventurer 2, the story continues as Riley encounters a mysterious masked figure after destroying the TV in the attic. Travel to the Kensdale Public Library and dig deeper into the mystery of Amanda the Adventurer.
1831 | A tale told with vivid colors and rich sound in a classic TYPE-MOON visual novel.
1832 | New Star GP is a fast and exciting arcade motorsport game with crisp retro visuals. Play career mode and work your way through decades of racing while upgrading your car and your support team... or chase high scores in championship mode on your own or in split-screen with up to three friends!
1833 | Wingspan is a relaxing, award-winning strategy card game about birds for 1 to 5 players. Each bird you play extends a chain of powerful combinations in one of your three habitats. Your goal is to discover and attract the best birds to your network of wildlife preserves.
1834 | Pantheon: Rise of the Fallen is a deeply social high fantasy MMORPG that challenges its players and rewards effort. Join the denizens of Terminus to uncover the mysteries of a world divided by Celestial loyalty… and betrayal.
1835 | Typing of the dead: Overkill fuses the horror and comedy of the legendary House of the Dead series with unique typing mechanics in order to deliver a truly original gaming experience! This gruesome shooter puts you in the middle of a mutant outbreak in Bayou county.
1836 | From the makers of the 2012 Game of the Year: The Walking Dead, comes a thriller based on the award-winning Fables comic books. As Bigby Wolf you will discover that a brutal, bloody murder is just a taste of things to come in a game series where your every decision can have enormous consequences.
1837 | PlatinumGames’ revolutionary sci-fi action shooter slide-boosts onto PC. Battle legions of future-tech enemies using a vast arsenal of weapons, including all DLC. Fully unlocked framerate and gorgeous HD resolutions up to 4K. The definitive way to play: war has accelerated.
1838 | Catherine: a tale of love, betrayal, and the terror of commitment. Experience the mature action-adventure-puzzle game unlike any other from the makers of the Persona series, now enhanced for PC in all its Classic glory. Is love over? Climb to the top or die trying.
1839 | A forest simulator where you grow trees and create habitats for animals, plants and insects. Click on animals to make them poop, hunt, dig, cut and twerk! Start with a few basic seeds and attempt to grow a thriving ecosystem.
1840 | The country of Grand Chien is thrown into chaos when the elected president goes missing and the paramilitary force known as “the Legion” seizes control. Hire mercs, meet interesting characters, and fight in tactically deep turn-based combat in this true successor to a beloved franchise.
1841 | VR HOT is an immersive VR experience where users create and interact with custom dream partners in dynamic environments. Features include full-body customization, lifelike physics, voice commands, toy sync, and more. A limited Desktop Mode is available for editing characters without VR.
1842 | Go Bananas with your favorite monkey gang in the ultimate Super Monkey Ball adventure!
1843 | In this city-building game, you will lead a group of survivors in their search for a new home. Manipulate the landscape, manage limited supplies, plant crops, hunt wildlife, gather resources, and develop trade routes to build a bustling and unique town.
1844 | The second title in the Katamari Damacy series has returned in a remastered, powered-up version! This new REROLL comes with improved graphics and gameplay enhancements. In Royal Reverie, roll up katamari as the King of All Cosmos in his boyhood!
1845 | A Continent Engulfed in the Bitter Flames of War! Commander Claude Wallace and his childhood friends set out to fight in a desperate war, but bone-chilling blizzards, waves of imperial soldiers, and the godlike powers of the Valkyria stand between them and victory.
1846 | The public aquarium simulator. Design your displays, look after your fish, manage your staff and keep your guests happy! It's all in a day's work as the curator of your very own Megaquarium.
1847 | NGU Idle is a Free To Play Idle game that's full of weird humor, tons of upgrades and hundreds of hours of content! Try out NGU Idle today and experience the joy of Numbers Going Up!
1848 | “You little rascal! Go study your lessons right now!” said the angry parents, grounding you. Try to outsmart them and find a way to have fun with your friends.
1849 | The Digital World has run rampant with Machinedramon and is now in a state of utter chaos. As a Digidestined, it’s up to you to restore order to the world in Digimon World: Next Order, a monster collecting RPG.
1850 | AN UNCONVENTIONAL ARPG where you battle enemies through musical encounters while being accompanied by a raven who promises to retrieve your voice if you slay the mighty Mind Dragon!
1851 | Obenseuer is an urban survival RPG game, where you become a property manager of a rundown unfinished tenement building, in an isolated quarantine district of Obenseuer. Maintain and upgrade your tenement for rent, uncover the secrets of this infamous district and grow your wealth with your craft.
1852 | A dieselpunk real-time tactics roguelite set in an alt-history World War 2. Grit and Valor – 1949 puts you in command of an elite Mech Squadron. Think fast and battle the Evil Axis forces to liberate Europe. Upgrade your Mechs and Pilots and develop new strategies to neutralise the enemy HQ!
1853 | Introducing Assassin’s Creed® Rogue, the darkest chapter in the Assassin’s Creed franchise yet. As Shay, you will experience the slow transformation from Assassin to Assassin Hunter. Follow your own creed and set off on an extraordinary journey through New York City, the wild river valley, and far away to the icy cold waters of the North...
1854 | Place your faith and embrace the Void.
1855 | Survive the zombie apocalypse and make humanity's last stand in this three-game legacy bundle, revamped for modern hardware. Explore, build, and survive for as long as you can in The Last Stand, The Last Stand 2, and The Last Stand: Union City.
1856 | The Stanley Parable is a first person exploration game. You will play as Stanley, and you will not play as Stanley. You will follow a story, you will not follow a story. You will have a choice, you will have no choice. The game will end, the game will never end.
1857 | Breeze of Passion is an adult game about a young guy who moves to a small seaside town to help with the family business. This VN is full of beautiful girls, hot MILFs, and unexpected plot twists, along with high-quality graphics and hot animation
1858 | Dodge bullets and upgrade yourself in Minutescape, a retro-inspired incremental game that keeps unfolding. Unlock new abilities and keep upgrading yourself to survive for 5 consecutive minutes.
1859 | SEXSTELLAR: An adult visual novel where passion, doubt, and mystery collide. Stranded on a space station with the alluring Cassiopeia, you must survive, uncover secrets, and face the truth—one of you isn’t human. Can you trust yourself in this steamy sci-fi thriller?
1860 | Parkitect is a business simulation game that charges you with the construction and management of theme parks! Bringing back the best of classic theme park games with many new features and content on top. Now supports online co-op with up to 8 players!
1861 | World of Warplanes is an aerial combat MMO action game set in the Golden Age of military aviation. The game throws players into a never-ending battle for dominance of the skies.
1862 | It's the year 1993. Talking robots, ghosts from the past, and ancient alien technology buried under desert sand. An adventure following Elroy and Peggie in the search of a long-lost father. How far would you go to bring back the ones you love?
1863 | The future of flight simulation is now! X-Plane 11 is the detailed, realistic, and modern simulator you’ve been waiting for. Intuitive user interface, 3-D cockpits, new effects, 3-D sound, living airports and world-wide scenery.
1864 | Rogue agent Rico Rodriguez journeys to Solis, a huge South American world home of conflict, oppression and extreme weather conditions. Strap into your wingsuit, equip your fully customizable grappling hook, and get ready to bring the thunder!
1865 | Rise of Nations is back! Play the updated classic with full Steamworks integration and enhanced features!
1866 | Senren＊Banka is a Japanese-style visual novel produced by Yuzusoft, a Japanese developer of romance VNs. This game commemorated Yuzusoft's 10th anniversary. It won numerous awards on the year of its release in Japan for its art, music, and characters.
1867 | Zoo 2: Animal Park – Take care of wild and tame zoo animals in this animal game!
1868 | In 2013 the world was devastated by an apocalyptic event, annihilating almost all mankind and turning the Earth's surface into a poisonous wasteland. A handful of survivors took refuge in the depths of the Moscow underground, and human civilization entered a new Dark Age. The year is 2033.
1869 | Relive the American Revolution or experience it for the first time in Assassin's Creed® III Remastered, with enhanced graphics and improved gameplay mechanics. Also includes Assassin's Creed Liberation remastered and all solo DLC content.
1870 | Equipped with cutting-edge salvaging tech, carve & slice spaceships to recover valuable materials. Upgrade your gear to take on more lucrative contracts and pay your billion credits debt to LYNX Corp!
1871 | The best-selling franchise takes a giant leap forward with a complete overhaul of the graphics engine, offering the most striking and immersive visuals and effects, along with the deepest and most complete farming experience ever.
1872 | A PVP tactical FPS about PLANNING & EXECUTION. Sound strategy and good teamwork are essential for victory because new PROCEDURALLY-GENERATED MAPS are delivered every week. You'll face a new tactical challenge every round.
1873 | In Felvidek, a JRPG set in 15th century Slovakia, you embrace the role of an alcoholic knight Pavol. Meet diverse and interesting characters to help you drive out the Hussites and Ottomans who blight this land.
1874 | Explore Life Makeover: Unleash your style, dye outfits, and design freely. Dive into unlimited dress-up, build your dream home - all for free.
1875 | Buy cooking equipment, prepare delicious meals, and serve hungry customers. Upgrade your setup, read customer reviews, and expand your business to become the top fast-food joint in the city.
1876 | In a world overrun by vampires, a group of nuns with their own stories have arrived at the Hunters' Guild. They are ready to wield any power—even that of demons—to defeat their enemies. What fate awaits them on this perilous journey?
1877 | This city builder challenges you to build a thriving community while facing the dangers of an untamed land. Lead your people to success in a procedurally generated and dynamic world. Construct detailed settlements, defend against emerging threats, and optimize resource management.
1878 | Your job at the Cabin Factory is simple: inspect the cabins and decide on whether they’re haunted or not. If you do find any anomalies, get out…immediately.
1879 | As the manager of Dusk Pub, you have to put in a lot of efforts to run your own worn-down bar and expand your business to other parts of the land Brendt. Meet a variety of cute girls and recruit them as servers, helping them develop their business talent and know them inside out.
1880 | Dice With Death is a Dicebuilding Roguelike – Unfortunately you have already died. Fortunately, Death is up for some friendly competition. Collect new dice and their paired relics, create damage stacking combos, and even cheat Death himself to emerge victorious.
1881 | Dustland Delivery is a post-apocalyptic survival business simulator. Scour the wastes for profit, complete missions to grow your trading empire, and assemble a rag-tag band of adventurers to turn your city into the capital of the Dustlands. Danger lurks around every corner—but no risk, no reward!
1882 | Get your crew back together for the ultimate heist experience! Return to Monaco, plan your operation, and skedaddle when things inevitably go awry in this co-op heist game. The city is yours for the taking!
1883 | Embark on a single-player, top-down journey in Cozy Caravan, where the arts of crafting, trading, and exploration come together in a beautifully cozy world. Form lasting bonds as you and your caravan journey through charming towns, enriching lives along the way.
1884 | Selaco is a brand new original shooter inspired by classics, featuring thrilling action set pieces, destructibility, smart enemies and a fleshed out story taking place within an immersive game world.
1885 | Fran Bow is a creepy adventure game that tells the story of Fran, a young girl struggling with a mental disorder and an unfair destiny.
1886 | Build your own dungeon and attract heroes from all over the realm! Grow your business by exploiting every facet of your visitors' dungeon exploration experience. Will you be able to keep your evil dungeon business going?
1887 | Kidnapped and taken to an unfamiliar location, nine people find themselves forced to participate in a diabolical Nonary Game by an enigmatic mastermind called Zero. Why were they there? Why were they chosen to put their lives on the line? And more importantly, who can be trusted?
1888 | It's payback time! Lead your mighty dark army and make the Kingdom tremble with every step. Build powerful towers, choose your arsenal for destruction, and find the deadliest combination - train legendary heroes and lead them to victory!
1889 | Try the legendary Texas Poker! Enjoy a real casino atmosphere and superior 3D graphics. Jump into a world of excitement, challenge other players, and show you're a true winner!
1890 | Twelve years after Senior Inspector Jeon Gyeong's retirement, she is visited by a young police officer: a woman who pleads with her to reexamine Seowon's case. But with each uncovered memory, only one thing becomes clear: everyone in Seowon's vicinity was lying.
1891 | Build and manage an international airport!
1892 | Spelunky 2 builds upon the unique, randomized challenges that made the original a roguelike classic, offering a huge adventure designed to satisfy players old and new. Meet the next generation of explorers as they find themselves on the Moon, searching for treasure and missing family.
1893 | Become an indestructible interdimensional superbeing in this first-person superhero game, and save Earth from an alien invasion. Be careful though - you are so powerful you can destroy entire skyscrapers (unintentionally) when you miss your otherworldly target...
1894 | MORDHAU is a multiplayer medieval slasher. Create your mercenary and fight in brutal battles where you will experience fast paced combat, castle sieges, cavalry charges, and more.
1895 | Rusty Lake Paradise is set on a small remote island which is cursed by the ten plagues of Egypt. Solve all the mysteries of this dark, macabre puzzle adventure. Paradise builds upon the distinctive atmosphere and excitement from the Rusty Lake series.
1896 | Car For Sale Simulator 2023 - Developed for car enthusiasts, grow your own car sales business by buying and selling different car models. Drive the purchased cars as you wish, repair them, modify them, and sell them to customers at affordable prices.
1897 | Weaponize your WPM. Glyphica: Typing Survival is a single-player roguelite horde survival typing game that lets you mow down hordes of enemies in a minimalistic arena using your finger dexterity, your choice of weapons loadout, and sheer determination.
1898 | A.V.A is a classic FPS shooter game featuring various types game Modes. Depending on the battlefield, you can choose Pointman, Rifleman, and Sniper and enjoy strategic team play.
1899 | Enter Princesses. Save the Kingdom.
1900 | SGW Contracts 2 is a modern warfare shooter set in the Middle East. Play as Raven, Contract Sniper Assassin, as you take out a series of targets across a dramatic single-player campaign. With extreme-range shots exceeding 1000m, gear up for the most challenging entry to the series yet.
1901 | Enter the Chaos-infested Caligari Sector and purge the unclean with the most powerful agents of the Imperium of Man! W40k: Inquisitor – Martyr is a grim Action-RPG featuring multiple classes of the Inquisition who will carry out the Emperor’s will.
"1902 | ""Even if we have to crawl, we must go forward... Even if the battlefield is filled with blood..."" This is an erotic fantasy story about revenge and national war."
1903 | It is no longer about facing destiny. Create a new future and change the world! Now enhanced for Windows PC.
1904 | Beltmatic is a casual factory game where you combine numbers using mathematical operations.
1905 | Tower Factory is a tower defense and automation game with roguelite elements. Optimize resource production using conveyor systems while defending against monster waves. Can you find and destroy the enemy tower before it's too late?
"1906 | ""Lost Castle 2"" is a 2D Beat'em up Rogue-Lite game. Explore abundant treasures and items to enhance yourself, master various weapons to showcase your skills, and challenge powerful monsters to demonstrate your strength. A new adventure is calling for treasure hunters!"
1907 | Hit the links with more swagger in PGA TOUR 2K23. Now featuring playable male and female pros, including Tiger Woods, new licensed courses, more control options, an authentic PGA TOUR MyCAREER, Course Designer, and new MyPLAYER Skills and Archetypes! PGA TOUR 2K23. More Golf. More Game.
1908 | Design warships the way you want them, command fleets, win the naval arms race for your nation!
1909 | TYPE TO KILL in this survival horror adventure. Alone or with friends, explore a sprawling cursed film studio as its horror movies bleed into reality. Choose from a roster of characters then plan your escape from this bloody homage to old school horror. But remember... death is just a typo away.
1910 | Trials of Mana is a modern revival of the 3rd game in the seminal Mana series. The game, originally released in Japan as Seiken Densetsu 3, has been fully rebuilt from the ground up in 3D.
1911 | The best-selling Trine series returns to the magic of 2.5D! Join three iconic heroes as they set off on a quest through fantastical fairytale landscapes to save the world from the Nightmare Prince’s shadows.
"1912 | Delivering a visceral WWII gaming experience, Company of Heroes redefines RTS by bringing the sacrifice of heroic soldiers, war-ravaged environments, and dynamic battlefields to life. Please visit the ""Company of Heroes - Legacy Edition"" page for additional user reviews."
1913 | Spirit Valley is an erotic creature collecting game. Explore the open world, battle horny spirit girls, build your team, and fuck them all!
1914 | In this online co-op action game, enter a distorted version of the SWORD ART ONLINE world. Pick your role in the form of favorite SWORD ART ONLINE characters and team up with 20 players for raids to defeat powerful enemies.
1915 | Take a trip to an exotic island paradise for a steamy new adventure in this long awaited sequel to the popular dating sim / puzzle game hybrid, HuniePop!
1916 | Get ready for the most out-landish gameplay scenarios ever seen as the Third Street Saints take on the Syndicate!
1917 | Goat Simulator Remastered is the latest in goat simulation technology. Your favorite chaotic sandbox is back and more beautiful than ever, with updated graphics, every DLC, and more bugs that you can shake a goat at. WASD to rewrite history.
1918 | Play as the New kid in South Park and join Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny, in three-dimensional glory, to celebrate the most magical day in any young child’s life - a snow day!
1919 | Build and expand your monastery, craft recipes and brew holy ales in this unique brewery tycoon. No pre-made recipes in Ale Abbey, oh no. It's a canvas for true beer alchemists. It's as simple as: brew, sip, repeat. Welcome to Ale Abbey!
1920 | In this last chapter of the Five Nights at Freddy's original story, you must once again defend yourself against Freddy Fazbear, Chica, Bonnie, Foxy, and even worse things that lurk in the shadows.
"1921 | Path of Achra is a dark fantasy roguelike of the ancient earth, with a focus on streamlined controls and rapid hero customization. A ""broken build sandbox."" Fight through the deadly lands of Achra to reach the horrors of the Obelisk, and discover what lies beyond..."
1922 | Killer Frequency is a first-person horror puzzle game set in 1987, that puts you in the role of a late-night radio talk show host in small town America whose callers are being stalked by a mysterious killer.
1923 | Embark on an adventurous journey to explore the Quinfall universe. Be a part of unique battles and an immersive story with dozens of different professions in the depths of medieval times in an all-new MMORPG experience.
1924 | Marvel and Capcom join forces to deliver the most frenetic 3 vs 3 tag battles ever with Ultimate Marvel VS Capcom 3. This release comes fully loaded, including all previous DLC, Marvel VS. Capcom : Official Complete Works.
1925 | Those intrepid invertebrates return with a vengeance in the much-loved Worms™ Armageddon. It’s a whole new can of worms! It’s hilarious fun that you can enjoy on your own or with all your friends.
1926 | Dive into the exhilarating role of a headmaster entrusted to revive your alma mater! Beyond just bricks and mortar, train teachers, recruit students. Sculpt your school into a unique educational haven! Let's School!
1927 | Harold Halibut is a handmade narrative game about friendship and life on a city-sized spaceship submerged in an alien ocean. Join Harold as he explores a vibrant retro-future world in his quest to find the true meaning of ‘home’.
1928 | Explore the breathtaking alien world of Adelpha, support the local Talans in their struggles and fight your way through fast-paced battles against invading robot forces in this 3rd-person, open world, action adventure sequel to the 1999 cult classic.
1929 | Transform from a featureless nobody into a SLUG, a GHOST and a DRAGON in this new take on Action RPGs from the creators of Guacamelee! Discover 15+ distinct Forms, mix-and-match their abilities, clear evolving dungeons and... SAVE THE WORLD!?
1930 | Beyond Citadel is an anime style retro throwback shooter inspired by the classics of the 90's, with realistic gunplay mechanics, anime violence and fast paced combat. Fight your way through the heavily armed mechanical fortress and discover the secret that lies beneath.
1931 | You didn’t ask to lead this expedition, but here you are. Stuck in the ice, Captain missing, miles from civilisation. Someone has to take charge. Manage your meagre resources, balance safety and morale, make the hard calls, and head in the only direction you can - through The Pale Beyond.
1932 | After Lincoln Clay's surrogate family, the black mob, is betrayed and killed by the Italian Mafia, Lincoln builds a new family and blazes a path of revenge through the Mafioso responsible.
1933 | CosmicBreak Universal is an MMO action game that lets you play massive battles of up to 30 vs 30 players using customizable robots and humanoids! Create your own original character and aim for victory with your allies!
1934 | Experience an epic story developed across three titles, and crafted for new and old fans alike. Also includes an interactive introduction to catch up new players to the ongoing story so anyone can dive right in to the world of Trails of Cold Steel.
"1935 | ""I must eliminate them...ALL..."" The bodiless ""Hyoki"" hunts down the brain-devouring ""Slitterheads"", lurking in the alleys of a neon-lit city"
1936 | It's the first ever chess variant with spatial, temporal, and parallel dimensions. It's 5D Chess With Multiverse Time Travel! Move pieces back in time to create branching timelines. Send a rook to a parallel dimension. Protect your kings in the present and in the past!
1937 | Visual novel meets management sim- thanks to a spell gone wrong, you, a lowly goblin, become the lord of a realm. You’ll need to govern your lands, renovate your manor, and most importantly- train up your naïve maids into a team of skilled servants!
1938 | Sea of Stars is a turn-based RPG inspired by the classics. It tells the story of two Children of the Solstice who will combine the powers of the sun and moon to perform Eclipse Magic, the only force capable of fending off the monstrous creations of the evil alchemist known as The Fleshmancer.
1939 | Visage is a first-person psychological horror game. Explore a mysterious ever-changing house in a slow-paced, atmospheric world that combines both uncannily comforting and horrifyingly realistic environments, and enjoy a genuinely terrifying experience.
1940 | Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove is the complete Shovel Knight collection, containing all 5 games in the epic saga! Dig, blast, slash, and bash your way through a fantastical, 8-bit inspired world of pixel-perfect platforming, memorable characters, and world-class action-adventure gameplay.
1941 | KLETKA is a co-op (up to 6 players) horror game about going down in an elevator that is trying to eat you. Feed the elevator, explore deadly floors and descend deeper.
1942 | Darkwood - a new perspective on survival horror. Scavenge and explore a rich, ever-changing free-roam world by day, then hunker down in your hideout and pray for the morning light.
1943 | Do you have what it takes to be an astronaut? Reentry is a realistic space flight simulator based on NASAs space programs; from the first American human spaceflight in Project Mercury, the rendezvous and EVAs of Project Gemini to the Moon landing in Project Apollo.
1944 | A demonic invasion has overwhelmed the Union Aerospace Corporation's Mars research facility. As one of only a few survivors, you must fight your way to hell and back against a horde of demons in this award-winning horror/action FPS and reimagining of the original DOOM.
1945 | Storybook characters discover a three-dimensional world outside the pages of their book and must jump between 2D & 3D realms to save their friends in this charming action-adventure.
1946 | In this 2D, short narrative-based game, you assume the role of the Grim Reaper... on an office job. Your job is to decide which people are going to live or die. The consequences of your choices are yours to bear, while the mystery of your incarnation awaits revelation!
"1947 | The highly popular and quirky ""idle game that you want to actively keep playing"". Explore, craft, gather & manage resources, find secrets and build your base out of nothing! Buy land to explore and expand!"
1948 | Forbidden Fantasy is a choice-driven adult visual novel where you're the chosen one. Become the hero of prophecy, romance elven women, and save the world from the Demon Queen. Your quest will be filled with adventure, drama, and lots of sex.
1949 | The A.C.E.S, watchful guardians of Switchblade City, are being taken down, one by one. Now it's up to one man, with two fists, to get to the bottom of it all. Fallen Aces is a crime noir FPS that plays right out of the '90s and looks like it's right outta the comics.
1950 | Embark on scientific expeditions with this new off-road adventure game. Lead research missions as you drive a variety of all-terrain vehicles, using high-tech tools and managing your camp and crew to ensure your success in the wild.
1951 | There is reportedly an evil inside that house. Something about an old funeral parlor offering a last chance to talk to their dead loved ones. Plus something about lights, laughter, a girl, missing people, etc... You know the same stuff everyone claims. Take a team, and check the place out.
1952 | Play as an interstellar custodian sent to clean up a polluted ocean planet. Pick up trash, explore the vibrant waters, and take care of axolotl-like alien creatures!
1953 | Come on down to Uncle Chop’s Rocket Shop, for all your roguelite spaceship repair simulation needs! WARNING: Untested genre not suitable for people with tentacles for arms or an aversion to dying horrifically. Side effects include improved reading comprehension under pressure and a furry fetish.
1954 | Ancient Cities is a realistic, survival city builder in an immersive procedural environment. Lead the fate of your tribe through ancient times!
1955 | Are you ready, kids? The cult classic is back, faithfully remade in spongetastic splendor! Play as SpongeBob, Patrick and Sandy and show the evil Plankton that crime pays even less than Mr. Krabs.
1956 | Following the critically acclaimed 2014 Game of the Year winner Wasteland 2, the RPG series that pioneered the post-apocalyptic genre in video games returns with Wasteland 3.
1957 | ANNO: Mutationem is an action-adventure game with RPG elements set in a cyberpunk world, featuring a unique mix of pixelated 2D & 3D graphic style with a rich, dark and bizarre plot.
1958 | Journey through an epic storyline, collecting creatures to aid you in turn-based battles, avoiding traps and solving puzzles, completing thrilling quests, and uncovering the darker history of Pyli Kingdom in this RPG with a unique modern take on a classic beloved genre.
1959 | A turn-based volleyball RPG where you coach a sports team of Beasties! Your Beasties' relationships grow and change, unlocking new abilities and combo plays!
1960 | Experience a big adventure on a tiny scale! Enjoy multiplayer survival in a vast, hazardous world. Preparation is key when you're this small & at the bottom of the food chain. Craft weapons & armour, tame & ride creatures, build encampments & explore a strange new land.
1961 | The co-op open-world space sim where everyone has a role! Pilot the ship. Reroute power. Launch nukes. Explore alien planets. Research new talents. Work together to find the Lost Colony! ...or just deliver some biscuits
1962 | Call of Duty®: Vanguard includes a deeply engaging single player Campaign, a massive Multiplayer offering featuring over 20 maps including 16 built for core Multiplayer and an exciting new Zombies experience developed by Treyarch.
1963 | Unravel is a physics-based puzzle platformer. Yarny, a character made from a single thread of yarn, must embark on a larger than life adventure.
"1964 | Behold the fierce blend of ""Warriors"" and ""Berserk""!"
1965 | Beyond creation, four eras come together as one! Discover the latest entry in this iconic Tactical RPG series. Form your own team of SD Gundams and deploy for battle -- with units from Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, SEED, 00, and Iron-Blooded Orphans!
1966 | Experience the beauty and detail of mowing the Great British countryside in Lawn Mowing Simulator, the only simulator that allows you to ride an authentic and expansive roster of real-world licensed lawn mowers from prestigious manufacturers; Toro, SCAG and STIGA as you manage your business.
1967 | Ultimate General: Civil War is a tactical real time strategy war-game. Experience the bloodiest period of U.S. history - the American Civil War of 1861-1865.
1968 | In Cat Quest III you play as a purrivateer in a freely explorable 2.5D open-world swarming with Pi-rats. You can sail the seas in your ship for treasures galore! But prepare for peril, as the Pirate King aims to hunt you down...
1969 | Lightning Returns is the concluding chapter of the Final Fantasy XIII saga and series heroine Lightning's final battle. The grand finale of the trilogy brings a world reborn as well as free character customization and stunning action based battles.
1970 | Start your own game development studio in 1976. Build your own offices, production facilities and server rooms. Develop the games of your dreams and produce the next next-gen console. Rise from a small garage company to a huge corporation.
1971 | While imprisoned in Balduq, Adol is cursed and becomes a Monstrum. With his newfound powers, he must stop the Grimwald Nox from consuming the city.
1972 | Experience the beginning and end of characters' lives and build your own family tree! Rusty Lake: Roots is the second premium point-and-click adventure by the creators of the Cube Escape series and Rusty Lake Hotel.
1973 | Steel Seed is a stealth-action adventure set in a dark sci-fi world on the brink of extinction. Play as Zoe and her drone Koby as they explore a hostile underground facility. Uncover secrets, survive dangers, search for answers, and humanity’s last hope.
1974 | Welcome to Santo Ileso, a vibrant fictional city in the American Southwest. In a world rife with crime, where lawless factions fight for power, a group of young friends embark on their own criminal venture, as they rise to the top in their bid to become Self Made.
1975 | Work together to solve puzzles and escape a desert island in this stylized multiplayer co-op adventure. Success requires more than just you and your partner thinking alike - you'll have to communicate and stay In Sink to overcome the challenges ahead.
1976 | Catch mysterious living snacks and feed them to your friends in this unusual island adventure!
"1977 | 🌾Unleash the Farmer within. 🚜 Dive into the rustic charm of rural living in ""Farmer's Life,"" where you'll experience the joy and challenges of life on a vibrant farmstead. Plant, grow, and embrace a country living in a vast open world. You choose from diverse mechanics and endless possibilities."
1978 | Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project. INSIDE is a dark, narrative-driven platformer combining intense action with challenging puzzles. It has been critically acclaimed for its moody art style, ambient soundtrack and unsettling atmosphere.
1979 | Hunt ghosts as two memorable characters in a story-driven Action-RPG where your decisions carry dramatic consequences. Torn between honoring your oath to the living and saving your departed partner, how far will you go for love?
1980 | LEGO® Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game is an action adventure game that brings the Pirates of the Caribbean world and all its colorful characters to life in LEGO Brick form. Players experience all the memorable scenes from all four films in the humorous and quirky LEGO Video Games style.
1981 | Embark on a magical journey in Disney Epic Mickey: Rebrushed! Shape your adventure with the stroke of a brush and transform Wasteland as Mickey Mouse in this beautifully recreated 3D platformer.
1982 | An exceptional sci-fi strategy game based on space adventure as its core.
1983 | Welcome to BattleBlock Theater! You’ve got no where to go but up...on stage. Play single player or co-op to free your friends and save Hatty Hattington! Jump, solve and battle your way through a mysterious theater inhabited by highly technological felines.
1984 | From Jeppe Carlsen, the lead gameplay designer of LIMBO and INSIDE — COCOON takes you on an adventure across worlds within worlds. Master world-leaping mechanics and solve intricate puzzles to unravel a cosmic mystery.
1985 | Mr. Prepper is about being prepared. You know something is wrong. The risk of a nuclear war is in the air and you need to get ready for what's coming.
1986 | 1st Pet Capture Battle Royale!
1987 | Hack into crime scenes, look for evidence, analyze data, interrogate criminals, track suspects and deal with the consequences of your decisions. This is a dark and brutal detective story with a Black Mirror-esque atmosphere of digital dominance and the narrative structure of a US crime procedural.
1988 | Can you learn Japanese by solving puzzles? So to Speak is a game about wandering in Japan, looking at signs, overhearing conversations, and using context clues in the environment to figure out what it all means. No background in Japanese is assumed.
1989 | YOU and ME and HER: A Love Story is the visual novel medium in its purest form. Will Shinichi choose Miyuki, the beautiful queen bee of the school, or the endearingly awkward misfit Aoi? With art by Tsuji Santa, these beautifully rendered romances will stay with you forever.
1990 | Play Together is a popular casual social networking game enjoyed by players worldwide. Express yourself through character customization, decorate your home and host Home Parties for a fun time with friends. Enjoy tons of content with friends from all across the globe!
1991 | iRacing presents the Official Game of The World of Outlaws, featuring the World of Outlaws Sprint Car, Late Models and Super DIRTcar Big Block Modifieds, as well as 8 additional series including the all-new Micro Sprints, and many others.
1992 | Step into new Crime Scenes. Use your skills of deduction to unravel the mystery and find out who did it, with what weapon, where. It’s the original crime-solving classic with new investigation formats exclusive to the video game. Solve every case and become the detective you want to be!
1993 | Carefully designed, beautifully remastered, and loaded with new ways to play—Risk of Rain is back and better than ever! Dive into the iconic roguelike full of unique loot combinations, enhanced with new Survivors, overhauled multiplayer, fan favorite content from Risk of Rain 2, and more!
1994 | Test your abilities in two new game modes, uncover new rewards and even a few secrets in the Arcade Challenge! Update! Feel the beat as wannabe rockstar Chai and his ragtag team fight against an evil megacorp in a world that syncs to the music.
1995 | Experience the critically acclaimed masterpiece with its renowned Sumi-e ink art style in breathtaking high resolution.
1996 | A story-driven, action adventure combining exploration with fast-paced combat. Untangle the past as Kena, a young Spirit Guide in search of the sacred Mountain Shrine. Help free the spirits trapped in a forgotten village with the help of the Rot, her adorable (yet powerful) spirit companions.
1997 | A persistent sandbox world. No classes or levels. Train the skills you want for your own unique build. Player-driven trade, economy, and housing. Millions of crafting combinations. First-person immersive combat. Exploration. Bosses. Full loot, full PvP. The world of Nave is yours - who will you be?
"1998 | ""Gladiator, gladiator, gladiator, Swords and Sandals, Gladiatorrrrr!""You grew up playing the legendary Swords and Sandals turn based combat game series. These games have been played over half a billion times. Swords and Sandals is nostalgia, Swords and Sandals is life."
1999 | Fight Today's War: Elite Special Forces in a gritty combat campaign using the surgical tactics of Tier 1 Operators combined with the sledgehammer force of Army Rangers.
2000 | Control Agnes as she tries to resist the temptations of the lecherous men around her. Manage the Limping Duck, a shady inn where the wretched go to have a drink and ogle Agnes! It's your choice to help her succumb to corruption or fight it!
2001 | On the Reuss Express a passenger has been murdered, and you’re the prime suspects. Uncover a thrilling mystery and solve satisfying point and click puzzles to prove your innocence! A slapstick adventure, packed full of deadly surprises, shocking twists and larger than life characters!
2002 | Scramble: Battle of Britain is a tactical dogfighting game set in 1940, featuring intense aerial battles in a 3D airspace. Take control of a squadron of fighters, planning maneuvers, witnessing real-time simulations, and analyzing battle damage with detailed camera tools.
2003 | Experience the intensity of head-to-head battles with Street Fighter® V! Choose from 16 iconic characters, then battle against friends online or offline with a robust variety of match options.
2004 | Land of the Vikings is a survival colony sim game. Build and lead your village, and expand it into a thriving city. A wise Jarl must manage resources, survive harsh conditions, and guide their fellow Vikings to work together through social conflict. Skál!
2005 | The fourth game in the METAL GEAR series: set over two incidents in 2007 and 2009, featuring Solid Snake and Raiden, introducing new stealth gameplay features.
2006 | Explore the ancient, mysterious world of Journey as you soar above ruins and glide across sands to discover its secrets.
2007 | Gems of War is a Match-3 RPG from the original creators of Puzzle Quest! Start your RPG journey and fight puzzle battles through hundreds of quests, or build your army of troops and go to war in strategic PVP match-3 combat!
2008 | A top-down adventure game in a coloring book world full of vibrant characters. Use painting powers to explore, solve puzzles, make friends, and draw on anything! From creators on Wandersong + Celeste.
2009 | Aoba's vibrant cyberpunk world is one of contrasts: high-tech virtual reality battles versus street gang turf wars, ultra-exclusive luxury resorts and tiny junk shops. The choices you make will shape the path of Aoba's journey into the dark secrets lurking beneath the glossy sheen of the city.
2010 | Take on the elements in Wildfrost, a tactical roguelike deckbuilder! Journey across a frozen tundra, collecting cards strong enough to banish the eternal winter…
2011 | Break into the snowboarding event of the year in the hope of scoring a wildcard entry to an exclusive invitational. To prove you’re up to the challenge, master the art of park riding, buttering, rails and massive kickers and earn your place in the world of snowboarding.
2012 | The Last Plague: Blight is an authentic survival experience rooted in realism and immersion. Endure the hazards of a brutal open world and uncover the origins of a mysterious disease. You are humanity’s final hope in ending the Blight
2013 | Take control of a 21 years old woman, design her how you like and then dump her into the heart of a metropolis, known as The City! Decide who she talks to, what place she works at, how she performs her duties. The control is all in your hands!
2014 | GigaBash is the ultimate Kaiju Fighting Game for 1-4 players, where you battle as film-inspired Kaijus and giant Heroes in fully destructible cityscapes.
2015 | You wake up in a cute girl's home who's eager to keep you by her side! Engage with thematic stories, puzzles, and unique AI NPCs who'll go to any lengths to protect you—even when it means contradicting themselves. Bask in meet-cutes or brace for chaos if you try to escape.
2016 | Conquer Warring States Japan under one banner
2017 | Hunt your target & become a strong PVP sniper in this Epic 3D sniper FPS game.Pure Sniper is an exciting and realistic sniper shooting game with a massive campaign mode that can be played offline and a realtime multiplayer PvP combat mode.
2018 | Become a Wayfinder, and unlock their powers as you choose your path and playstyle while pushing back a hostile force that has overtaken your world. A Co-Op ARPG where you directly shape and customize the endless adventures you go on with friends, because Wayfinders are stronger together.
2019 | You’ve inherited your uncle’s potion shop—and a huge debt. Better get brewing! Customize your store, hire heroes to gather ingredients, befriend (or romance) fellow vendors to learn new haggling strategies, and go head-to-head with competitors in this narrative-driven, deck-building shop simulator.
2020 | Continue your adventure in Cordale Academy, following up on your previous choices and experiencing all-new content, including: Story, Animations, Locations, Quests and more!
2021 | In Spaceflight Simulator, you will get to build your rockets, plan launches and flights, attempt landings, deploy payloads and explore new worlds.
2022 | There is no game. So don't go messing things up by clicking everywhere. You don’t want to be kicked out of your video game world, do you? Of course not!
2023 | BattleBit Remastered is a low-poly, massive multiplayer FPS, supporting 254 players per server. Battle on a near-fully destructible map with various vehicles!
2024 | You and your crew are tasked with cleaning up after the last exploration team's ill-fated journey into the Backrooms. Dodge deadly incursions, scrub every surface, and leave no trace.
2025 | The Classrooms is a procedural, liminal-space, found-footage, survival horror game. Explore The Classrooms and discover the various anomalies it contains; from malicious entities, to harmless oddities. And remember, it's different every time you play, so your found footage is uniquely yours.
2026 | As your final hour approaches, a large structure looms up in the distance, towering above the relentless storm. Discover the truth behind this dark castle in a communication-based, cooperative puzzle adventure.
2027 | SAMURAI REBOOT! A brand new SAMURAI SHODOWN game takes aim for the world stage!
2028 | Explore a handcrafted survival game with an emphasis on crafting and base building. Export manufactured goods to earn funding, manage colonists, defend against hostile aliens, and work towards terraforming Ceres from a frozen ball of ice to a tropical paradise.
2029 | Join the Chase! In LEGO® CITY Undercover, play as Chase McCain, a police officer who's been tasked with going undercover to hunt down the notorious – and recently escaped – criminal Rex Fury and putting an end to his city-wide crime wave.
2030 | LUST Company 👾 is a visual novel where you play as the captain of a space crew trapped by pirates. Gather resources, complete quests, repair your ship, and make choices that shape the story. Will you save your crew or face disaster?
2031 | Build and expand your repair service empire in this incredibly detailed and highly realistic simulation game, where attention to car detail is astonishing. Find classic, unique cars in the new Barn Find module and Junkyard module. You can even add your self-made car in the Car Editor.
2032 | The legendary city-builder returns! Lead the creation of one of the greatest civilizations the world has ever seen in this HD remake with modernized UI. Build monuments, manage your population and explore 4,000 years of history through over a hundred hours of gameplay.
2033 | Lose yourself in the dystopian world of New York, 2329; immortality comes at a price that someone has to pay. In this interactive noir story, lead the investigation using advanced technology, as Detective James Karra who risks it all in pursuit of a serial killer targeting the city’s elite.
2034 | Reignbreaker is a high-octane action rogue-like set in a dystopian medievalpunk world. Step into the boots of Clef, a fearless rebel ready to rid the world of the Kingdom’s oppression, take down the Elite and lay siege to the Queen’s grand Bastion. Grab your javelin and become The Reignbreaker!
2035 | The Angler is an open world fishing game that can be played solo or with friends. Discover and catch a wide variety of unique fish species, from common to rare, on your journey to become a master angler.
2036 | The world has been thrown into chaos by an ancient evil from another dimension. As one of the last remnants of humanity, you must set out alone or alongside up to two other survivors to face down hordes of deadly enemies to try to carve a foothold, rebuild, and retake what was lost.
2037 | Guide vampires through centuries of emotional baggage, decades of delusions and the odd bout of self-loathing with real cognitive behavioral therapy concepts and become a Vampire Therapist! Even vampires need a shoulder to cry on when a neck to bite just won’t do.
2038 | Amnesia: The Bunker is a first-person horror game set in a WW1 bunker. A relentless, AI-driven monster stalks you. Survival depends on finding tools, crafting items, and keeping the lights on.
2039 | Inside the Backrooms is a horror multiplayer game mixed with different mechanics that will make you spend an intense night with friends. Explore, think, interact, but be careful, it is rumored that there are several entities wishing to find you...
"2040 | What you are about to do has not been approved by the Vatican. As a young priest, struggle against demons, insane cultists, and your own weakening faith in this pixel horror game inspired by the era of classic 8-bit gaming and the ""Satanic Scare"" of the 1980s."
2041 | Expand your shelter in a unique take on the post-apocalypse genre, thrown straight into a wild world where women reign supreme across the wastelands. You are the last male, and all is for your taking.
2042 | Blow leaves, upgrade your gear, and automate your progress as you explore the Leaf Universe. A satisfying incremental idle game where every leaf blown brings you closer to the next big upgrade. Simple, relaxing, and endlessly rewarding. Let the leaves fall, and your progress rise!
2043 | A frantic, online PvP shooter that combines combat and deck building. Choose a character, customize your card-based loadout, and get ready for the fights of your life!
2044 | Outriders’ brutal and bloody combat combines frenetic gunplay, violent powers and deep RPG systems to create a true genre hybrid.
2045 | This is a creepy co-op horror game. In which you find yourself locked in a crazy Granny's house. But Granny is not the only danger that awaits you in the house, someone else creepy lives in the basement. You have five days to get out of the house!
2046 | Welcome to Warside, the fast-paced turn-based tactics game. With a single-player story campaign, multiplayer support, and a built-in map editor, the fight for victory never ends. Choose your Commander, assemble your forces, and battle your way to victory.
2047 | Dive into a hostile world that challenges your very existence, in this survival horror game with RPG elements. Unravel a thousand-year-old mystery, risk your sanity and face the Outer Gods with your skills. Every bullet and every decision counts now, are you up to the task?
2048 | This will be the most thrilling pool game you have ever played. Join up to 3 of your friends in this exciting pool roulette game! Eliminate each other with pool until only one person is left.
2049 | Give sports facilities a second life in this relaxing story-driven simulator! Restore the glory of old gyms, courts and pitches, and add a sprinkle of your own style.
2050 | An indie space-sim and strategy game featuring ship and fleet combat mixed with RTS elements. Complete contracts and Claim sectors for your faction in the near-future, where resource exploiting corporations are in a state of constant conflict over territory control.
2051 | Outlast 2 introduces you to Sullivan Knoth and his followers, who left our wicked world behind to give birth to Temple Gate, a town, deep in the wilderness and hidden from civilization. Knoth and his flock are preparing for the tribulations of the end of times and you’re right in the thick of it.
2052 | Max Manos is an incremental destruction game where you play as a powerful hand, known as Max Manos, eliminating shapes. Chain explosive reactions, collect shards, and upgrade your abilities to destroy shapes even faster.
2053 | Spyfall is a multiplayer game for up to 8 players. Spies must complete missions without getting caught. One player is the Detective who must find the spies. Each map has different characters and tasks.
2054 | SKALD:Against the Black Priory is a retro-style party-based RPG set in a grim-dark fantasy world of tragic heroes, violent deaths and Lovecraftian horror. Take a chance and roll the dice as you embark on a compelling story filled with deadly creatures, branching story and tactical, turn-based combat
2055 | Play as detective Kaname Date on the case of an elusive serial killer in this thrilling, sci-fi murder mystery.
2056 | Build your sky city while exploring a vast landscape in this Open World RPG City Builder. Combining the methodical construction and management of a city builder; the unique lift, balance, and propulsion needed for a flying city; and the compelling characters, dangers, and adventures of an RPG!
2057 | The King of Rahil is looking for a Summoner to protect the kingdom against Tefo's enormous conspiracy. Explore a vast world with your Monsters by your side in this new Action RPG set in the Summoners War Universe.
2058 | The MMORPG of a massive and magnificent fantasy! Let's explore the MMO world!
2059 | Fight, build, explore, survive, while the dynamic player-caused hazardous fog is slowly changing the rules of the world around you.
2060 | Saviour of the Wasteland is a very NSFW adult, interactive visual novel. Scavenge resources, build your settlement, meet lots of new people, discover secrets and have lots of sex while navigating the challenges of the wasteland.
2061 | In this puzzle-adventure, use an intuitive brick-by-brick building mechanic to solve puzzles and bring your creations to life! Experience a charming story as you explore beautiful LEGO® dioramas and help the people inhabiting them.
2062 | A small zoo needs your help! As the new manager, it's your job to boost business. Design the zoo of your dreams. From wolves and polar bears all the way to prehistoric beasts – the further you progress in the game, the more exotic the animals you'll be able to keep in your zoo. Play now and save the zoo!
2063 | The adventure plunges you into the tortured and hidden past of five humans. Delve into their darkest fears. Outwit the Master Computer AM in a game of psychological warfare. Disturbing, compelling. An adventure you won't easily forget !!
2064 | Join Captain Leeway on the biggest Heist yet to save botkind from a brewing water crisis! With tactical turn-based battles featuring signature ricochet action, 150+ weapons and items, a new job system, real-time naval combat and 30+ hours of gameplay, prepare for an epic SteamWorld adventure!
2065 | Start out on an island with a basic rod. Progress into a radar-wielding master fisher-cat scouring the sea for the biggest and baddest fish. Each fish has unique behaviors that you will learn to exploit as you tailor your arsenal of fishing rods to suit your style of play. Mrrrow!
2066 | From the makers of Heavenly Sword, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West, and DmC: Devil May Cry, comes a warrior’s brutal journey into myth and madness. Set in the Viking age, a broken Celtic warrior embarks on a haunting vision quest into Viking Hell to fight for the soul of her dead lover.
2067 | The Horde is coming but you're ready to fight it! Assemble your team and decide upon their enhancements to find the most efficient synergies against thousands of the undead. Survive. Then evolve. Then break all the limits in this deceivingly simple but addictive reverse bullet hell.
2068 | 3on3 FreeStyle: Rebound allows players to work with their teammates to pull off rim-shaking slam dunks, awe-inspiring alley-oops, flashy no-look passes, and clutch outside shots which breaks the heart of the opposing team in competitive games filled with the joy and energy of street basketball.
2069 | Black One Blood Brothers is a tactical military shooter game where strategy and coordination are key. Command a squad of top operators, with unique skills, through high-risk missions around the globe. Customize your crew, plan your missions, and adjust on the fly for a vast replayability.
2070 | MADNESS: Project Nexus is a third-person Run n' Gun / Beat'Em Up filled with arcade-style action and button-mashing brutality. Gun your way through droves of bad guys in the Story Campaign, or build your perfect killing machine in the neverending onslaught of Arena Mode.
2071 | Forge your weapon and follow the path of the Jedi Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy is the latest installment of the highly acclaimed Jedi Knight series. Take on the role of a new student eager to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Luke Skywalker.
2072 | Mini Metro is a strategy simulation game about designing a subway map for a growing city. Draw lines between stations and start your trains running. As new stations open, redraw your lines to keep them efficient. Decide where to use your limited resources. How long can you keep the city moving?
2073 | Harness your Demigod powers to lead a group from rags to riches in this 3D Fantasy Kingdom Management Sim with RPG elements. Command from the sky or take control in 3rd Person to BUILD, BATTLE, and RULE. Navigate a world of interesting Nobles, earn their respect, and decide their Fates.
2074 | After the unforgettable summer memories you’ve made half a year ago, Yui, Rio, and Miyuki are back. With the change of seasons and the cold falling snow, a new page to your story is about to begin.
2075 | Kick some grass in Plants vs. Zombies: Battle for Neighborville, the wackiest shooter yet!
2076 | Blood will run in Ghostrunner 2, a hardcore FPP slasher set in a post-apocalyptic cyberpunk future. Become the ultimate cyber ninja and prepare for epic boss fights, improved skills, an interactive story, new game modes, and captivating synthwave soundtrack.
2077 | Lose track of what’s real. Commit yourself, body and mind. Confront the evocative, elegantly brutal world of SUPERHOT VR. Enemies pouring into the room from all sides, dozens of bullets coursing through the air... Wait. Something seems different in here...
2078 | Unleash voxel warfare in 9-Bit Armies: A Bit Too Far. Lead a modern military, build bases, unlock units, and attack in all-out war. Engage on land, sea and air in over two dozen missions, online skirmishes, or co-op. Easy to learn, a challenge to master.
2079 | Fight the greatest battles in the STAR WARS universe any way you want to. The choice is yours.
2080 | Set sail to an undersea labyrinth in search of the Deep City of Armoroad! Lead a party of adventurers to explore the vast dungeon in search of untold technology, treasure, and lost secrets.
2081 | TerraTech is an open-world, sandbox adventure game, where you design and build your own creations through a mix of crafting, combat and discovery. Design vehicles from a huge library of blocks. Scavenge, craft and buy new parts to survive and become the ultimate planetary prospector.
2082 | From the creators of Batman: Arkham, Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League is a genre-defying third-person action shooter where the ultimate band of misfits must do the impossible: Kill the Justice League.
2083 | Pick up your sword and fight off waves of Potatoes by upgrading your stats constantly, use Equipment, choose between different Classes, put your many Talents to good use, and so much more designed to keep you entertained for a long time.
2084 | Face perilous magical trials in the fast-paced rogue-lite follow-up to the acclaimed original, featuring co-op and vibrant new 3D visuals. Master new Arcana and elements, experiment with spell combinations, and become the next Wizard of Legend!
2085 | Congratulations, you’ve bought your own planet! An agrarian rock at the edge of the galaxy that, for some reason, was practically being given away for free. So the time has come to leave your hectic, stressful life in an overcrowded metropolis for a more rural and rewarding life.
2086 | Shin chan starts a mysterious daily routine, traveling between two worlds: the Village in Akita and Coal Town.
2087 | Take back the Theed Royal Palace in this fast and furious lightsaber action game. You will have the power of the Force and your trusty lightsaber to help you ward off legions of battle droids, destroyer droids, assassins, and other creatures from Star Wars: The Phantom Menace.
2088 | Dive into the agricultural life with Farm Manager World! Manage your own farm across vibrant global locations, cultivate exotic crops, and build your agribusiness empire. Welcome to sustainable farming at its finest.
2089 | Movies Tycoon is a simulation game where you dive into the world of film-making. Start with a humble studio, scout and manage top talent, customize unique characters, and direct blockbuster films.
2090 | Cut-throat multiplayer running game that pits 4 players against each other, locally and/or online. Run, jump, swing around, and use devious weapons and pick-ups to knock opponents off-screen! One of the most competitive games you'll ever play.
2091 | A cozy visual novel about running a tavern in a D&D-inspired fantasy! Gather rumors, serve magical drinks, and meet adventurers on a life-changing quest.
2092 | Cyberpunk mercenaries RPG! Turn-based squad tactics with unique heist-planning strategy. Build your crew wisely; their stories will become interwoven with your own. Pull off heists with powerful cyberware, faction connections, multiclassing, weapon modding, stealth, hacking, and more!
2093 | Ember Knights is an action rogue-lite for 1-4 players where you play as legendary knights, the last spark of hope against the mad sorcerer Praxis and his hordes of unwavering fiends. Wield weapons & skills, build synergies with game-changing relics and free the universe of Praxis’ corruption.
2094 | Geopolitical management game with real-time shifting borders and a streamlined gameplay, designed to minimize all burdensome chores while allowing an absolute strategic control, from military recruitment and deployment, to diplomatic and economic management.
2095 | Prepare the next monarch by finding her hobbies, training her for battle, and befriending the citizens she'll one day protect. Dive into an all-new parenting-simulator-RPG adventure, where every decision you make will not only affect the future of your daughter but that of an entire empire!
"2096 | The truly ultimate ""WARRIORS OROCHI 3"" is now available on Steam! With all the content of ""WARRIORS OROCHI 3"", new characters and episodes that deepen the story, new modes, and DLC that has been released for other platforms, enjoy the world of Orochi to your heart's content!"
2097 | Welcome to Circus Baby's Pizza World, where family fun and interactivity go beyond anything you've seen at those *other* pizza places! Now hiring: Late night technician. Must enjoy cramped spaces and be comfortable around active machinery. Not responsible for death or dismemberment.
2098 | NosTale is a free-to-play anime action MMORPG which takes you on an exciting journey through a world full of mystery with your friends.
2099 | GoreBox is a chaotic physics-driven sandbox where creativity meets destruction. Use the Reality Crusher to spawn, manipulate, and obliterate anything. Customize, battle with friends, roleplay, or face devious creatures. In this world, your imagination rules—and chaos is your playground!
2100 | A base-building open-world survival shooter that replaces your typical base with a giant drill. Alone or with friends, explore an island plagued by eruptions, upgrade your drill, and fight robots to uncover what's been hiding beneath the surface.
2101 | Reprise your role as a supernatural assassin in Dishonored 2. Declared a “masterpiece” by Eurogamer and hailed “a must-play revenge tale” by Game Informer, Dishonored 2 is the follow up to Arkane’s 1st-person action blockbuster & winner of 100+ 'Game of the Year' awards, Dishonored.
2102 | Hobo: Tough Life is an urban survival role-playing game where you play as a homeless person. Play alone or team up in online co-op. Explore the streets of Praslav, scavenge for food and supplies, beg, steal, and do whatever else it takes to survive the forthcoming winter.
2103 | The draconic threat is once again upon us. Legendary heroes rise up to face the legions from the depths. Tame your wyrmlings, create unique power builds with the Ancestral Grid, expand your city and destroy the Dragons!
2104 | In BrokenLore: DON'T WATCH, immerse yourself in the haunting world of Shinji, a young hikikomori trapped in his Tokyo apartment. As his mind unravels, confront a malevolent entity lurking in the shadows. Will you uncover the truth before it's too late?
2105 | Three incredible action adventure games from the Castlevania series have finally returned, for the first time! But wait, there's more! Haunted Castle Revisited, a redesigned version of the very first Castlevania arcade game, makes its debut!
2106 | Day of Dragons is an online creature survival game set in a large, beautiful, sandbox open world with multiple biomes and distinct creatures. Rule the world as one of several dragon species, or play as an elemental.
2107 | Disgaea is back and better than ever in Disgaea 7: Vows of the Virtueless! Join Fuji as he embarks on a perilous journey of redemption, and experience unique features new to the Disgaea series!
2108 | Suit up and become the manager of a basketball team. You’ll have all the managerial tools you’ve come to expect in a manager game, scouting, facilities, training and more. Will you put emphasis on coaching or player development? Success is only the result of your decisions both on and off the court.
2109 | The Seven Realms is a story-driven adult visual novel. You are a Spartan Warrior, turned Vampire Prince on a quest to save your queen. Enter High Lathión, the elven homeland, long ravaged by civil war and currently held together by fragile peace. Can you save them from destruction?
2110 | Amazing Frog? is the original open world buffet of bonkers physics sandbox mayhem. For one to four players.
2111 | Kart Racing Pro is a realistic karting simulator. The aim is to create a software useful as a training tool for real drivers, based on a scratch built physics engine that accurately simulates kart dynamics and setup options.
2112 | Ascend from your shelter. Ruin everything. Escape the wretched island. ⚔️🔨🎣🌱🌵🍰 Explore. Fight. Level up. Survive. Gather. Craft. Harvest. Hunt. Build. Farm. Solve puzzles. Fish. Cook. Live. Enjoy the bittersweet post-apocalypse.
2113 | Monster taming meets metroidvania. Collect, train and battle monsters in a lovely side-scroller pixel world.
2114 | The virus has devastated cities and lands. Most of the population died, the rest turned into the walking dead. You're one of the last survivors. Do whatever it takes to last another day.
2115 | The cult-classic returns! Terrorize the people of 1950's Earth in the role of the evil alien Crypto-137. Harvest their DNA and bring down the US government in the faithful remake of the legendary alien invasion action adventure. Annihilate puny humans using an assortment of alien weaponry and psychic abilities.
2116 | Become a landlord and deal with problematic tenants as you build your rental property empire. Decide how to react to annoyed neighbors or police interventions. Will you design your apartment for a group of gamer friends or an aspiring musician looking for a new home?
2117 | Unpossess is a 1-4 co-op exorcism simulator game set in the early 1900s. Players take on the role of exorcists responsible for addressing cases of human possession.
2118 | Adventure through the mystical Northstar Islands in this all-new take on classic 2D Sonic high-speed action platforming.
2119 | The Special Support Section is back with more members and more cases to solve! How will this rag-tag group deal with the oncoming threats to Crossbell’s political stability while maintaining their team’s foundation?
2120 | Combining quirky missions and mysterious conspiracies, Psychonauts 2 is a platform-adventure game with cinematic style and tons of customizable psychic powers.
2121 | Slice, burn, toss, zap, grind and gib massive hordes of repugnant orcs in this long-awaited successor to the award-winning Orcs Must Die! series.
2122 | Helping the Hotties is a unique adult visual novel harem game filled with gorgeous girls, humor, exciting secrets, and spicy romance set in a hot summer. It’s time to enjoy your summer in a whole new way.
2123 | Solving crime is no walk in the pond. You are a down-on-his-luck detective who also happens to be a duck. Use your powers of de-duck-tion to inspect evidence, fill in the blanks, and bust the case wide open! This is a short but twisty detective case.
2124 | Immortals Fenyx Rising brings grand mythological adventure to life. Play as Fenyx on a quest to save the Greek gods.
2125 | Face the challenges of Oppidum, a survival adventure for 1-4 players with a unique story waiting to be unraveled. Build a camp, collect everything a fantastic land can offer, and use it to push forward through the island. A world hanging by a thread needs your help – will you answer the call?
2126 | Play the most authentic Texas Hold’em Poker App. Fair play guaranteed by the officially certified Random Number Generator implemented for every hand dealing. Compete with outstanding players throughout the world in real time and be the World Champion!
2127 | CastleMiner Z is an infinite world filled with deep places to explore, and horrifying monsters to slay. Build structures out of blocks, craft weapons and tools from raw materials, and explore the vast and frightening world around you.
2128 | Step into 1579 as Yasuke, the African samurai, and join Oda Nobunaga in his quest to unite Japan! Master precise katana combat, uncover secret gear, and unleash your ancestral power in this historically inspired action-packed journey through feudal Japan.
2129 | Have you ever considered creating your own crime empire, without the legal and moral consequences? SIMULATE IT! Crawl into the dark alleys of the street business in this OG drug-dealing game, and make a fortune! A co-op sequel – DDS2 – is out NOW
2130 | Build, manage and optimise intergalactic hospitals! Recruit staff to satisfy the whims of various alien species, and cure their bizarre illnesses - for money! Save the (literal) Galaxy in story mode, or head into sandbox to design the hospital of your dreams.
2131 | The most BRUTAL Platforming-Action-Multiplayer-RPG in THE WORLD with NO Game-Over, only falling down… Defy the fiends of The Heights TOGETHER or alone to rise as KING on your Quest to The Smoking Hot Babe at the Top!
2132 | Hack Into God
2133 | The last game in the episodic Sam & Max trilogy, beautifully remastered! As the intergalactic villains who seek the Devil’s Toybox close in and Max’s psychic abilities grow beyond his control, the Freelance Police will come up against their most frightening adversary yet: the power of Max’s mind.
2134 | Tiny Rogues is a challenging fantasy rogue-lite bullet-hell dungeon crawler with rpg elements. Build a new unique character each run and fight one monster-infested room after another! Discover unique weapons, collect magical items and level up to become more and more powerful!
2135 | The third and final chapter of the saga has arrived! Join our girls for one last ride filled with seduction and a lot of sex! Uncover the mysteries surrounding the Fetish Locator App and its creator. Romance over 20 girls and shape the conclusion of your college life in Fetish Locator Week 3.
2136 | Journey back to the other world in Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch™ Remastered. LEVEL-5’s classic tale returns better than ever, with improved graphics and performance.
2137 | Gedonia 2 is an online coop RPG, which allows up to 4 players to freely explore living open world and build absolutely unique characters. An expanded and improved sequel for RPG Gedonia.
2138 | A gardener gets hired for maintenance work over the weekend. A simple task, but strangely some tools are missing… The owner of the garden isn't around, and their house is off-limits. Perhaps new tools can be found in the mysterious town, or maybe some of the reserved townsfolk have seen them?
2139 | (Release: 2014) Special agent Leon S. Kennedy is sent on a mission to rescue the U.S. President’s daughter who has been kidnapped.
2140 | Moira McKinnon is running away. A wild adventure through the Scottish Highlands, with open platforming and dynamic storytelling, maps and music. From the creators of Heaven's Vault and 80 Days.
2141 | Welcome to Kindergarten 2, which takes place on Tuesday! After the events of Monday, you'll find yourself in a new school with new friends...and new ways to get ruthlessly murdered.
2142 | A five-part adventure horror series set in the same universe as Robert Kirkman’s award-winning comic book series.
2143 | A Dark Presence stalks the small town of Bright Falls, pushing Alan Wake to the brink of sanity in his fight to unravel the mystery and save his love.
2144 | It's time to Build a Zoo! Construct and decorate enclosures, buy and breed animals, hire zookeepers and vets... then try your hand at DNA splicing, and stitch together over 300,000 different types of animal. This can only go smoothly...
2145 | As a legendary thief, your next assignment lures you into a grand and lavish mansion. There you find a series of puzzle boxes, designed for an unknown purpose. What should have been a quick in-and-out, gradually turns into your own harrowing struggle for freedom and answers.
2146 | Take a stand in the eternal conflict between Arcane Magic and Steampunk Revolution and tip the uneasy balance between sorcery, elves, dwarves and mysterious monsters on one side and steampunk gadgets, zeppelins, and tesla guns on the other in this single-player, party-based, story-rich RPG.
2147 | When your father goes off on an adventure, it's up to you to keep the lights on and take care of your sister.
2148 | The long awaited finale to the epic engulfing a continent comes to a head in the final chapter of the Trails of Cold Steel saga!
2149 | HELLDIVERS™ is a hardcore, cooperative, twin stick shooter. As part of the elite unit called the HELLDIVERS, players must work together to protect SUPER EARTH and defeat the enemies of mankind in an intense intergalactic war.
2150 | Embark on an enchanting journey and brave ferocious creatures in an immersive medieval fantasy world. Will you settle a new homestead to live a life of farming and trade, or pick up the sword and take up the adventurers' path?
2151 | A brand new pixel art restaurant simulator based on the Touhou Project! Play as Mystia, the owner of a small izakaya. Collect ingredients by day, cater to the customers by night, learn recipes from familiar characters, and become the best izakaya owner in all of Gensokyo!
2152 | Rediscover the beloved RPG classic— now enhanced for modern adventurers! Gather your party of heroes and continue the legendary adventure in this story-rich fantasy epic where every choice matters.
2153 | Join fast-paced action-packed combat. Play Combat Master -- AAA experience on any hardware. Best-in-class multiplayer gunfight. Next-level extreme performance. Lightning-speed loading time and a whole lot more.
2154 | One-armed robber is a chaotic first-person heist game that centers around a uniquely challenging premise. Players take the role of a determined robber equipped with only one arm, tasked with pulling off daring heists on banks, shops, and various establishments.
2155 | Program and optimize a drone to automate a farm and watch it do the work for you. Collect resources to unlock better technology and become the most efficient farmer in the world. Improve your problem solving and coding skills.
2156 | Award-winning developer Gray Matter Interactive follows up on the success of Infinity Ward's Call of Duty™ - winner of over 80 Game of the Year and 50 Editors' Choice awards worldwide - with Call of Duty™: United Offensive™.
2157 | Fly freely and perfect your skills as an FPV pilot without the risk of breakage, with hyper-realistic visuals and flight sensations. Whether you're a beginner or an expert, TRYP FPV is the next-generation simulator that immerses you in the pure adrenaline of FPV drone flying.
2158 | Endless idle tower defense game full of deep strategy and combat mechanics. Unlock and upgrade dozens of epic fantasy heroes to defeat an infinite swarm of enemy monsters. Strategize hero positions, synergies, and skills for an effective defense, then sit back and let the auto-battler do its thing!
2159 | The Trine series is back with its biggest adventure! In their fifth outing, the Heroes of Trine are pitted against dastardly and duplicitous villains, who will stop at nothing to seize control of the kingdom. The clock is ticking to save the world of Trine!
2160 | Guide a group of space settlers trying to establish a base on a remote planet. Grow food, collect energy, mine resources, survive disasters and build a self-sufficient colony in a harsh and unforgiving environment.
2161 | La Quimera is a story-driven FPS set in dystopian future Latin America. In a fractured world where microstates rely on mercenary forces, you are an operative caught in a web of lies and deception. Play alone or with up to two friends geared with futuristic weapons, exoskeletons and combat abilities.
2162 | Styx returns in a new stealth adventure! Explore and master huge open environments, sneak past or assassinate new enemies and bosses, and experiment with the new array of lethal abilities and weapons in our goblin assassin's arsenal.
2163 | Become the ultimate shapeshifter in this hack n’ slash ARPG with action-based combat. Transform seamlessly and customize both your human and beast powers as you level up, find new gear and DNA-strands. Venture out solo or in co-op to uncover the secrets sealed inside a legendary city.
2164 | The sequel to the party game phenomenon The Jackbox Party Pack, featuring FIVE fresh, rib-tickling party games! Your phones or tablets are your controllers – no big mess of controllers needed. For up to 8 players plus an Audience of up to 10,000! It’s a game-night riot in a box… without the box!
2165 | Join Tara on a heartfelt journey to become a witch in Wylde Flowers. Farm by day, and cast spells by night as you craft your cottagecore life and bond with your coven. Come to know and love the fully voice acted characters of Fairhaven, as you unravel a local mystery.
2166 | Brütal Legend is an action-adventure that marries visceral action combat with open-world freedom. Set in a universe somewhere between Lord of the Rings and Spinal Tap, it’s a fresh take on the action/driving genre, which in this case is full of imitation cover bands, demons intent on enslaving humanity and Heavy metal tunes.
2167 | 𝗪𝗮𝗿𝗳𝗮𝗰𝗲: 𝗖𝗹𝘂𝘁𝗰𝗵 𝗶𝘀 𝗮 𝗰𝗼𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗺𝗽𝗼𝗿𝗮𝗿𝘆 𝗠𝗠𝗢 𝗳𝗶𝗿𝘀𝘁 𝗽𝗲𝗿𝘀𝗼𝗻 𝘀𝗵𝗼𝗼𝘁𝗲𝗿 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗺𝗶𝗹𝗹𝗶𝗼𝗻𝘀 𝗼𝗳 𝗳𝗮𝗻𝘀 𝗮𝗿𝗼𝘂𝗻𝗱 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗹𝗱. 𝗜𝘁 𝗼𝗳𝗳𝗲𝗿𝘀 𝗶𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗻𝘀𝗲 𝗣𝘃𝗣 𝗺𝗼𝗱𝗲𝘀, 𝗰𝗼𝗺𝗽𝗲𝗹𝗹𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗣𝘃𝗘 𝗺𝗶𝘀𝘀𝗶𝗼𝗻𝘀 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗿𝗮𝗶𝗱𝘀 𝘁𝗵𝗮𝘁 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝗰𝗮𝗻 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗹𝗹𝗲𝗻𝗴𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗳𝗶𝘃𝗲 𝗱𝗶𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘀𝗲 𝗰𝗹𝗮𝘀𝘀𝗲𝘀 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗮 𝗰𝗼𝗹𝗼𝘀𝘀𝗮𝗹 𝗰𝘂𝘀𝘁𝗼𝗺𝗶𝘇𝗮𝗯𝗹𝗲 𝗮𝗿𝘀𝗲𝗻𝗮𝗹.
2168 | It's a fight for the future of the planet between the Ravagers, a merciless swarm of alien invaders, and the Earth Defense Force (EDF) in this third-person shooter.Play as four different classes in over 80 missions with a range of 800 weapons at your disposal.Co-op play supported.
2169 | It is the year 2034. Beneath the ruins of post-apocalyptic Moscow, in the tunnels of the Metro, the remnants of mankind are besieged by deadly threats from outside – and within. Mutants stalk the catacombs beneath the desolate surface, and hunt amidst the poisoned skies above.
2170 | The fate of Sonic the Hedgehog’s world is in your hands – Join the Uprising.
2171 | Murder and mystery lead a young detective to investigate a cult and to cross paths with a criminal organization. With the help of an angel and a harem of beauties, take on the challenge of saving the world from a mysterious threat.
2172 | Yu-Gi-Oh! EARLY DAYS COLLECTION is packed with classic Yu-Gi-Oh! games from the very early days of Dueling — bursting with retro RPGs and strategic card games with beloved anime characters!
2173 | MONOMYTH is an immersive, first-person dungeon-crawling RPG inspired by the genre's late classics. Embark on a journey through a vast and highly interactive game world as you unravel the mysteries hidden beneath the ancient fortress of Lysandria.
2174 | Build and manage your wizard academy as the headmaster. Feel the city-building thrill of constructing your magic school. Recruit students, guide them to become wizards, control resources, customize your castle, and expand your academy's influence and prestige. Start your legacy today!
2175 | With engaging storylines, classic turn-based battles, and tons of Digimon to collect, Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth: Complete Edition delivers everything fans loved about Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth and Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth – Hacker’s Memory.
2176 | Get the party started with The Jackbox Party Starter! Featuring three updated titles: Quiplash 3, Trivia Murder Party 2 and Tee K.O., this starter pack is sure to entertain!
2177 | NORCO is a dialogue-focused point & click adventure that immerses the player in the sinking suburbs and industrial swamplands of an increasingly surreal and distorted South Louisiana.
2178 | Kayak VR: Mirage is a jaw-dropping and exhilarating journey through beautiful locations, made for Virtual Reality. Maneuver our fully physically accurate kayak around checkpoints and crown yourself the fastest, or take it easy and use the free roam mode and enjoy the scenery.
"2179 | Challenge yourself while being chased by fear! A horror puzzle action adventure! ■A completely new version of the legendary horror game ""Ao Oni""!"
2180 | The world of Elysia needs YOU! Join this cooperative, 3D sandbox action RPG to level up your character, craft epic weapons, conquer enemies in real-time, and build almost anything! Craft your adventure. Forge your hero. Become the ultimate Portal Knight!
2181 | Hop on board the ride of your life. FREERIDE is a narrative RPG that’s (not-so) secretly a PERSONALITY TEST. Help others solve their Unfinished Business, navigate a looping, branching story, and use telekinesis to change Fate itself. Your subconscious playstyle will reveal who you really are.
2182 | You are a traffic engineer. Draw freeway interchanges. Optimize for efficency and avoid traffic jams!
2183 | Take the fight to war-torn Europe in Medal of Honor: Above and Beyond. The franchise returns to its roots complete with a deep single-player campaign and powerful interviews with survivors and veterans of the Second World War. (VR Title)
2184 | How far would you go to bring someone back from the dead? Discover the depths that some will go to in this horror-adventure game.
2185 | You are Isaac Clarke, an engineer on the spacecraft USG Ishimura. You're not a warrior. You're not a soldier. You are, however, the last line of defense for the remaining living crew.
2186 | Welcome to Scourge of War, a real-time 3D computer game/simulation developed by NorbSoftDev, the company headed by renowned game designer Norb Timpko, designer of Mad Minute Games' acclaimed Take Command series. Scourge of War is the epitome of historical command simulations.
2187 | Clone Drone in the Danger Zone is a robot voxel slice-em-up where any part of your body can be sliced off. With your mind downloaded into a robot gladiator, you must survive the sinister trials of the arena.
2188 | Chernobylite is a science-fiction survival horror RPG. Set in the hyper-realistic, 3D-scanned wasteland of Chernobyl’s Exclusion Zone, explore a non-linear storyline in your search to uncover the truth of your tortured past.
2189 | Beyond the village of Etria lies a mysterious forest with a colossal crack opening to a puzzling labyrinth. Lead a team of explorers into the dungeon with the promise of riches, fame, and adventure!
2190 | Milfy City is an erotic adult game. Play as a college student trying to navigate his way through a city filled with hot women! Meet a cast of seductive ladies, enjoy erotic animations, and discover sexy secrets and hidden collectibles!
2191 | In Game Dev Tycoon you replay the history of the gaming industry by starting your own video game development company in the 80s. Create best selling games. Research new technologies and invent new game types. Become the leader of the market and gain worldwide fans.
2192 | Unrailed! is a co-op multiplayer game where you have to work together with your friends to build a train track across endless procedurally generated worlds. Master random encounters with its inhabitants, upgrade your train and keep it from derailing!
2193 | The tenth Cube Escape follows the story of detective Dale Vandermeer who finds himself trapped in two different universes and needs to escape. Cube Escape: Paradox will be released together with the accompanying Paradox: A Rusty Lake Film.
2194 | Design your own warships, equip them with a variety of armament, and bring them out to the ocean!
2195 | Immerse yourself in the beautifully recreated golden age of Hellenic city-states. Builders of Greece is a city management game that lets you display your strategic and economic mastery. Build your Polis from scratch, make meaningful decisions, trade, fight and expand to become the ultimate ruler.
2196 | Set before all the events of Fetish Locator, something strange happened and three girls went missing! Now you must immerse yourself in a prestigious university's depths to learn more about it. Meet new people, meet new sexy girls, and discover all the secrets hidden in this big university!
2197 | Join Marona and her Phantom friends on a mission to defeat the sinister Shipwreck Fleet! Recruit Phantoms, bind them to objects, combine them with Gadgets, and even merge them with Marona herself in this Play-It-Your-Way RPG.
2198 | New tower defense gameplay! The apocalypse has come, and zombies are running amok. As the leader of the survivors, collect and use resources to defend their last shelter!
2199 | Cogmind is a sci-fi roguelike epic in which you play a robot building yourself from components found or salvaged from other robots. Explore a living, breathing world through turn-based tactical combat, or sneak, hack, and fly your way to victory.
2200 | Heat Death is a sci-fi survival game where you can build, upgrade, and customize your battle train to explore and survive a frozen world! This train is not only your shelter and vehicle, but also your weapon and ally to face hostile drones, deadly storms, and hidden mysteries of an unknown world!
2201 | Two lovers gave up everything and escaped to a lost planet to be together. Glide through a mysterious landscape, explore a fragmented world and fight against what’s trying to tear them apart in this RPG adventure about love, rebellion, and freedom.
2202 | Ready to climb the career ladder? In Office Simulator, start as an intern and rise through the corporate ranks. Gain experience, earn promotions, and when the time comes, launch your own company to begin a new business adventure.
2203 | Psychopomp is BACK. The catacombs stretch down farther than ever before. Your entire life has been a lie. Delve into the depths, and discover the horrors that lie below. More realms, more modes, more secrets. An ancient voice calls to you from the center of the earth. Will you answer it?
2204 | Play as a mighty Blood Wizard on a quest to escape a death-loop of psychedelic dungeons. Slay disgusting creatures using a large array of bladed weapons and unnerving spells, harness the power of cursed rings, find mysterious treasures, and learn the secrets of the universe you are trapped in.
2205 | It is a time of war. Galbadia, a Global Superpower, has declared war on Dollet, a country whose training academy is home to two personalities: the hot-headed Seifer and the 'lone wolf', Squall Leonhart. Both are equally at conflict with each other as their country is with Galbadia; to others, Squall appears lacking in team spirit, while...
2206 | Endzone is a post-apocalyptic survival city builder, where you start a new civilization with a group of people after an ecological disaster. Build them a new home and ensure their survival in a shattered world, threatened by constant radiation, toxic rain, sandstorms and droughts.
2207 | GO TO HELL, ARREST SATAN. Propel yourself to justice and glory on a journey through hell in this punchy, crunchy, son-of-a-gun precision platformer from the creator of My Friend Pedro.
2208 | Manage elite football clubs and lead your dream team as a football manager!
2209 | Lured to a remote island, you find yourself confined within the rooms of an ominous mansion. You must draw upon all your puzzle-solving ability to navigate a series of trials devised by a mysterious figure known only as “The Craftsman”. Do you have what it takes to escape?
2210 | Can you Survive the Swarm? Unlock mighty abilities and upgrades, find and collect Tems to evolve and become stronger, discover overpowered strategies, and battle massive bosses in this survivor-like bullet heaven! Play solo or online co-op with up to 3 players, building the wildest synergies.
2211 | Hike, climb, and soar through the peaceful mountainside landscapes of Hawk Peak Provincial Park as you make your way to the summit.
2212 | Join the Peggle Masters on a dreamtime adventure of alter egos and peg-tastic action. Stay up late to aim, shoot and clear orange pegs, and bask in Extreme Fever glory under the silver moon.
2213 | Citadelum is a city builder set in legendary Ancient Rome. Build your own settlement, gather resources and evolve it into a magnificent city. Explore the world, trade and lead your mighty legions in epic tactical battles. Earn the favor of the Gods or challenge them, if you dare.
2214 | GTA meets South Park with sex and drugs in BoneTown, a hilariously hardcore game that combines free roaming, action adventure gameplay with fucking, fighting, and getting fucked up.
"2215 | Take control of an assortment of superb mechs and engage in thrilling combat with other enthusiasts on the same battlefield! In addition to original mecha, well-known IPs such as ""Mazinger Z"" and “Dancouga – Super Beast Machine God” also ready for the mecha war!"
2216 | A silly physics-based golf parody where every golf course is a new surprising type of golf, some brilliant or hilarious, others so absurd you will ask yourself: WHAT THE GOLF?
2217 | Conquest of Elysium 5 is a quick turn based fantasy strategy game with a touch of rogue-like. The game is full of depth, details and monsters. There are also a huge number of factions, each with its own unique gameplay and magic rituals.
2218 | Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective, the classic puzzle-solving mystery adventure directed by Ace Attorney creator Shu Takumi, is back! This long-awaited HD remaster features upgraded visuals and sound and new gallery content.
2219 | Riichi City is a competitive urban-style Anime mahjong game, featuring beginner-friendly mahjong tutorials, Ranked Matches and tournaments crowded with masters! Spice up the experience with our ACG characters voiced by famous CVs, and attractive items and decorations! Set off for Riichi City now!
2220 | Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six® Extraction is a tactical, co-op, PvE first-person shooter where you and your squad face an evolving alien threat. Teamwork, tactics, and flawless execution are key to your survival.
2221 | Embark on a journey into the darkest nightmares to restore your sanity. Blast your way through hordes of possessed enemies, unlock an arsenal of deadly weapons and unearthly abilities, and get ready to face even more Lovecraftian madness in this action-packed FPS sequel.
2222 | Lust Theory 2 is an adult Visual Novel filled with lust (duhh...), passion, sex, humor, mystery and on top of that the day is repeating until it doesn't.
2223 | It's summer break, and it's been years since you've last seen your aunt and cousins in the countryside! You don't know what to expect, but what could go wrong? Find out in Summer Memories!
2224 | Tales from the Borderlands is a five-part episodic game set on the unforgiving world of Pandora between the events of Borderlands 2 and Borderlands 3. This is a story full of Borderlands' trademark humor, following two adventurers on their quest for greatness.
2225 | Survival strategy game set in a world inspired by Slavic mythology and the nature of Eastern Europe. Build your settlement, protect its dwellers, and help them prepare for the coming Darkness.
2226 | The Dark Pictures Anthology is a series of stand-alone, branching cinematic horror games that can also be played online with a friend. In Man of Medan, five friends set sail on a holiday diving trip that soon changes into something much more sinister.
2227 | DARKSIDERS: GENESIS gives players their first look at the world of DARKSIDERS before the events of the original game. Furthermore, it introduces the fourth and last horseman STRIFE, as well as Co-op gameplay for the first time in the history of the franchise.
2228 | Embark on a lifetime of adventure in a beautiful world of creativity and intrigue. Raise a family, customise your farm, run a business, craft items, and battle some marvellously malevolent monsters.
2229 | Hellcard is a unique cooperative deck builder rogue-like game. Descend into the paper dungeons on your own, recruit computer-controlled companions or join other players' lobbies in fast-paced tactical card battles against the armies of darkness and the Archdemon himself!
2230 | You’re a seasoned explorer on a mission with your expedition crew into the deep jungle. Find lost treasure, explore the ancient mysteries that surround the tribe and build your own harem in The Lust City!
2231 | shapez is an easy-going, minimalistic factory building game about the automation of shapes through extraction and satisfying production lines. Adapt to increasingly complex shapes and grow your factory across an infinitely expanding map. Your only limitation is your creativity!
2232 | EZ2ON REBOOT : R – The latest entry in the beloved rhythm-action franchise is now released on Steam! Revisit the huge collection of classics with remastered audiovisual. Catch up with the freshest new songs and experiences.
2233 | Plan, Build...Prosper? As mayor, it’s up to you to breathe life back into this rundown town. Construct shops, hire staff, automate deliveries with couriers, and attract tourists to town, all while managing infrastructure and avoiding catastrophes! Who said being mayor was going to be easy…
2234 | The Front is a survival open-world crafting sandbox game. You are a resistance fighter sent back in time to stop the rise of a tyrannical empire. Collect resources, craft tech, build shelters, and fight monsters to accomplish your mission.
"2235 | Thirty years after Freddy Fazbear's Pizza closed it's doors, the events that took place there have become nothing more than a rumor and a childhood memory, but the owners of ""Fazbear's Fright: The Horror Attraction"" are determined to revive the legend and make the experience as authentic as possible for patrons, going to great l"
2236 | Immerse yourself in an enchanting narrative experience as Fortuna, a fortune-teller Witch condemned to exile on her asteroid home. Craft your own Tarot deck, regain your freedom, and shape the fate of the cosmic Witch society.
2237 | SENTRY is an action-defense first person shooter where you defend your spaceship against invading aliens. Plot an escape route through hostile space and battle the enemy across your vessel with the support of traps, turrets and environmental destruction.
2238 | A relaxing sandbox casual simulation game where you perform various, even strange, aquarium-related tasks on very diverse levels. As an Aquarist you must create and manage a home to amazing fish🐟, sea turtles🐢, sharks🦈, octopuses🐙, and more🐬. Aquarium is their world and life. Make it worth...
2239 | Just Die Already is an old people mayhem sandbox game created by the designers of Goat Simulator. You are old and angry and you've just been kicked out of your retirement home. How will you survive in a world that wants you to Just Die Already?
2240 | Enter The White Door and discover Rusty Lake’s universe in a new game with a unique style! Explore Robert Hill’s dreams and help him to find his lost memories. Can you survive the strict daily routine and bring back color to Robert's life?
2241 | Star Conflict is an action-packed, massively multiplayer space simulation game that puts players in the role of elite pilots engaging in a widespread interplanetary skirmish. The whole world for PVP and PVE!
2242 | Join three fresh recruits caught in a web of betrayal as war looms over the land. Lead your band of heroes through tactical turn-based battles, master unique abilities, and forge powerful gear to turn the tide of battle. Will you unravel the conspiracy driving the conflict—or be consumed by it?
2243 | HARDCODED - A non-linear delve through the lives and beds of the people of a cyberpunk city.
2244 | Haunted by the ability to read minds, Suteru embarks on a journey of revenge against those who wronged him. Uncovering the secrets of his tormentors, he must confront his demons in a story that explores the depths and darkness of the human mind.
2245 | Rule the Waves III is a simulation of naval ship design and construction, fleet management and naval warfare from 1890 to 1970.
2246 | Roadwarden is an illustrated text-based RPG that uses isometric pixel art and combines mechanics borrowed from RPGs, Visual Novels, adventure games and interactive fiction.
2247 | Set in a wholesome fairytale world, Fabledom is a laid-back City builder. Enjoy the growth of your settlement, interact with your neighbors and defend your kingdom from magical creatures. All to find true love and live happily ever after!
2248 | CHAOS;HEAD NOAH is now available on Steam!
2249 | A fusion of roguelite, tower defense, city-building, and deck-building! We created a new kind of real time strategy game filled with addictive and fast-paced gameplay. Create your deck, defend your city, and build the largest Ratropolis in history!
2250 | Command ships, submarines and aircraft in the South Pacific during WWII.
2251 | A classic real-time strategy game with an epic single player campaign, multiplayer & coop, set in the alternate reality of 1920+
2252 | Horror Roguelike characterized by an experimental artstyle and storytelling, strategic gameplay and deep mysteries
"2253 | ""FPV Drone Kamikaze"" is a fast-paced action game where players control a combat drone from a first-person perspective. The objective is to destroy enemy equipment in war using maneuvers and explosive devices. Speed and strategy will be the keys to victory."
2254 | American Revolution is a sandbox strategy game featuring the epic historical period during the rebellion of the American colonies against the British Empire.
2255 | A simple 3d puzzle game.
2256 | Manage emergency services in any city in the world! Take calls and dispatch rescue forces. Handle difficult situations, now depending on the weather, and traffic. Help the citizens through cataclysms and natural disasters, becoming a better emergency number operator every day!
2257 | 🌴👩‍🍳🍔 A stress-free cooking game that lets you relax! Cook up burgers for mecha cats and aliens. Play solo or with up to 7 friends!
2258 | The team behind YOU DON’T KNOW JACK presents FIVE guffaw-inducing party games in one pack! You’re gonna need more than one party for this. Your phones or tablets are your controllers! For 1-100 players!
2259 | Hitler’s hordes are back for more in this spine-chilling shooter from the makers of Sniper Elite 4! Abominable occult enemies, epic weapons and a harrowing new campaign for 1-4 players await in 1940s Europe, as you fight to save humankind from undead Armageddon!
2260 | Milfylicious is a Mature Visual Novel that features numerous steamy scenarios, accompanied by sultry jazz music, voice acting and realistic adult sound effects. Additionally, players have the option to view their beloved ladies in a realistic representation.
2261 | Graviteam Tactics: Mius-Front - tactical battalion level combat simulation. Action takes place in the summer of 1943 at Mius river and Saur-Mogila tumulus area of over 140 sq. km. Four large-scale operations for the Red Army and Wehrmacht.
2262 | Crypt Custodian is a charming metroidvania about cleaning up the afterlife. Play as Pluto - a mischievous cat who has died, and is sentenced to be the afterworld's janitor... FOREVER! Hang out with other doomed ghosts, battle beasts, and explore a vastly expansive landscape.
2263 | Experience the awesome power of the Curse of the Abyss, as well as the astonishing, legendary entities known as primeval creatures. Prepare to glimpse the world of Riko and her friends.
2264 | Autopsy Simulator is a first-person horror-sim hybrid where players take on the role of a practice pathologist and study case files, created in collaboration with real-world forensic doctors, to help guide their dissection of anatomically accurate bodies to determine each subject’s cause of death.
2265 | Deep within the realm of sleep, Sybil finds herself pulled to a distorted castle. Grow strong, and unlock new abilities to build up a deep movement system, fight enemies, find secrets, and free the weary soul of Castle Sansa, in this retro-inspired 3D Platformer Metroidvania.
2266 | Baldi's Basics® Plus is an active stealth roguelike that parodies cheap '90s edutainment with a subtle horror twist! Play Hide & Seek with Baldi as he chases you through procedurally generated levels while using your surroundings, items, and game knowledge to shift chaos in your favor.
2267 | Ever wondered what one quadrillion damage per second feels like? Wonder no more! Embark on your quest to attain it today!
"2268 | In a world where robots have replaced all human jobs, step into the ""Job Simulator"" to learn what it was like 'to job'."
2269 | You have to escape Granny`s house...You have five days...
"2270 | Clustertruck is a chaotic physics based truckformer. Jump your way through insane levels in a game of ""the floor is lava"" on top of speeding trucks driven by terrible drivers."
2271 | A time of untold chaos has come. Mighty forces clash behind the scenes in a struggle for power and influence. The Northern Kingdoms mobilize for war. But armies on the march are not enough to stop a bloody conspiracy...
2272 | Unity of Command II is the sequel to one of the most critically acclaimed strategy games of all time; a game critics called 'the perfect gateway' into computer war games.
"2273 | ""Hoshikawa Luna"" is the most beautiful girl at the university. To get this beautiful and proud girl, you keep trying every day.... Finally, the hypnosis app was ready. Having successfully hypnotised her, you have taken her to your secret basement. Tie her up in chains for some erotic discipline!"
2274 | Get a taste of prison life! Become a prison guard and deal with dangerous convicts. Prison management, lots of daily activities. Will you become the best guard in history? Or maybe you'll turn into the worst scumbag this Prison has ever seen?
2275 | A fantasy RPG that weaves a sprawling tale with quirky characters and cinematic effects. Its gorgeous, fast-paced battles feature pixel art characters sweeping though 3D playspaces.
2276 | It's your winter vacation. You once again took a trip to the countryside to visit your cousin, Hazuki. Things must have changed a lot since you met her last summer. How has she been doing? Your thoughts wander as you get ready for another trip to the contryside.
2277 | The year is 2084. In a dark cyberpunk world shattered by plagues and wars, become a neural police detective and hack into the jagged minds of others. Make use of anything they felt, thought, or remembered to solve the case and catch the elusive killer.
2278 | Weird west legends meet eldritch horror in BLOOD WEST, an immersive stealth FPS. Become the Undead Gunslinger, doomed to roam the barren lands until he manages to purge their curse, freeing his soul. 3 varied scenarios, perk-based character progression, and 20+ hours of gameplay await you!
2279 | You are alone. You will build a creature, a partner, a wet warm heart, a collection of bones.
2280 | Save your next party! 5 new games in 1 Party Pack: the trivia bluff-off Fibbage 4, the team test Quixort, the joke auction Junktopia, the silly guessfest Nonsensory and the reality TV game Roomerang.
2281 | Build and manage your dream city in this captivating simulation game. Create unique urban landscapes and enjoy compatibility with the mobile versions. Unleash your creativity and shape the metropolis of your dreams.
2282 | Deceit 2 is an online social deduction horror game. Inspire fear as the Infected, play detective as the Innocent, or create mayhem as the Cursed. Trapped with friends and strangers: who can you trust to help you escape?
2283 | Instant town building toy
2284 | Conquer enemy nests and lead your colony through the perils of the forest in this groundbreaking RTS. Empire of the Ants is a photorealistic, third-person real-time strategy game where you command your insect legions in epic battles.
2285 | Erase the line between single player and multiplayer in this street-racing rivalry between Cops and Racers. Seamlessly join a world where your friends are already racing and chasing.
2286 | RealFlight Trainer Edition is the perfect way to learn radio control flying on your PC. With 8 aircraft from Horizon Hobby (more are unlockable) and flying lessons from experienced RC pilots, you'll be ready to solo in no time. When you're ready, an upgrade to RealFlight Evolution is also available.
2287 | Dive into a World Where Sorrow Meets Beauty
2288 | Take command of the Union or the Confederacy. Prepare your nation for war, recruit and organize great armies and fleets under legendary commanders like Grant, Lee, Jackson or Farragut, plan cunning maneuvers on an epic campaign map and defeat your enemies in real-time battles!
2289 | A city-building sandbox for futuristic cities. No goals, no management, just creativity and dark cozy vibes.
2290 | RTS base builder with constant production and minimal micromanagement. Direct fleets of autonomous ships in huge battles. Features a singleplayer story campaign with 3 distinct playable factions and many subfactions, and full level editor. Test your abilities in the shifting tides of the Spance.
2291 | Renovate & build II World War tanks. Experience highly detailed & realistic simulation game. Take tanks fully apart by using different tools. Transform them from rusty and ruined to fully working. Check them on the training ground, sell or put into your own museum.
2292 | BallisticNG is a high speed, all thrills anti-gravity combat racer and open modding environment developed as a tribute to old school classics such as Wipeout, Rollcage and Jet Moto.
2293 | Create and manage your own airline. Create both passenger and cargo routes all over the world while you upgrade and expand your fleet of airplanes and airports. Airline Manager is among the most realistic of its genre - so prove yourself and beat your friends and other real life managers.
2294 | Death awaits you in Dark Deception, a story-driven first-person horror maze game. There's nowhere to hide & nowhere to catch your breath. Run or die - it's your choice. Trapped in a realm of nightmarish mazes with a mysterious woman, your only hope of survival is to find a way to escape.
2295 | Become a hero, build your own Hide-Out and start by saving your neighbourhood. Level up your skills, collect incredibly weird superhero gadgets, and join a superhero team to save the world!
2296 | Build a bright new world alongside a band of rescued robot buddies! In this colorful action RPG, battle waves of enemies in solo or co-op, then return home and use their parts to craft a thriving town. Assemble your crew and grow stronger with each new adventure!
2297 | London, 1918. You are newly-turned Vampyr Dr. Jonathan Reid. As a doctor, you must find a cure to save the city’s flu-ravaged citizens. As a Vampyr, you are cursed to feed on those you vowed to heal.
2298 | Wage war across entire solar systems with massive armies at your command. Annihilate enemy forces with world-shattering TITAN-class units, and demolish planets with massive super weapons!
2299 | The toughest prison sim in the yard is back to serve its 3rd consecutive sentence - combining classic moments from the OG with the best aspects of 2D, while putting out a few hits of its own! Tackle crime from either side of the prison fence, while a larger world beyond it makes life worth living.
"2300 | ""Lost Lullabies - The Orphanage Chronicles"" is a Co-Op horror game set in 1980, inspired by the real stories of an orphanage ruined by a fire in 1960 Lowell. Playable with 1-4 players, the goal is to identify and expel malevolent spirits alone or with your team."
2301 | The Seven Realms is a fantasy, story-driven, adult visual novel where your choices will shape the fate of the Realms and the people around you. Will you be a Fair or a Strong Ruler? Will fate be enough for you, or will you want more? The choices are yours to make.
2302 | Explore the depths of the earth and uncover hidden treasures in this addictive idle mining game. Unlock the power of your drill with hundreds of upgrades, discover mysterious relics, and unearth priceless gems. Can you master the mines and reveal their deepest secrets? Dive in and dig deep!
2303 | A poignant narrative-driven game about rejection, belonging and the meaning of home. It follows the story of a newly adopted shelter cat whose space in the home is taken by a copycat. Bring the tissues.
2304 | Sudden Strike is back! The beloved Real Time Strategy series returns, this time with bigger battlefields, more units, better graphics, new scenarios and legendary commanders – making Sudden Strike 4 more tactical and realistic than ever before!
2305 | The iconic supernatural mystery, The 7th Guest, has been brought back to life with cutting-edge VR technology, that delivers an atmospheric story like no other. Explore the foreboding mansion, solve challenging puzzles, and uncover its dark secrets.
"2306 | You are trapped in an endless underground passageway. Observe your surroundings carefully to reach ""The Exit 8""."
2307 | Play as an Artificial Intelligence guiding a stranded xenobiologist through a beautiful and mysterious alien ocean. A non-violent sci-fi story, enter a world of wonder, fear and vulnerability, unraveling the history and ecology of an impossible planet. What will you discover together?
2308 | Lingo 2 blends word puzzles and impossible geometry, with brand new puzzle mechanics and a large, colorful world to discover. Welcome back!
2309 | A unique and deeply engaging political/military strategic simulation from the creator of Plague Inc. Balance competing civilian and military priorities and deal with a deadly insurgency in order to stabilise a war-torn country.
2310 | Perfect Heist 2 is a round-based online game, where robbers try to hide in plain sight while robbing a bank without being noticed by the cop team!
2311 | Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall. From the creators of World of Goo and Human Resource Machine.
2312 | Deliver goods with your friends in open-world city. Manage and upgrade your delivery point, acquire new ways of delivery and become the best.
2313 | Open-world action-RPG in a fantasy realm of cats and dogs. Sequel to the award-winning original, CAT QUEST II lets you play solo or with a friend, as both a cat and dog! Quest in a world filled with magic, defeat monsters and collect loot in a catventure like never before!
2314 | With your brilliant robe and magic powers, it’s time to build some Tricky Towers! Stack your bricks in this land of fable, whose marvelous tower will be the most stable? Battle your friends and rise to fame, in this frantic physics game.
2315 | FORGE YOUR OWN TALE The latest standalone entry in the SaGa franchise, SaGa Emerald Beyond, brings together the very best elements of the beloved series to offer each player their own unique gameplay experience.
2316 | Experience the bow of the Titanic wreck as captured by Magellan at the bottom of the North Atlantic Ocean. Immerse yourself as an ROV pilot to explore the wreck and complete missions to scan key features of this sleeping spectacle.
2317 | Chillquarium is a cozy and relaxing idle game. Buy fish and raise them in real time, then sell them to turn a profit! Customize your aquarium as you progress from a simple starter tank to your dream setup by filling your collection with rare exotic fish and ultra-rare color variants!
2318 | Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six® Vegas 2 - the sequel to the award-winning next-generation first-person shooter - returns to Sin City. Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 is your last chance to rescue America's sexiest city from an escalating terrorist siege that will force you into heart-pounding action from beginning to end.
2319 | Set in a huge open world, Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen presents a rewarding action combat experience.
2320 | The tale of a hunter searching for his missing sister. Adventure awaits you in a world filled with bloodthirsty monsters and deadly traps. Overcome trials, battle evil, and replenish your strength surrounded by ravishing young women.
2321 | Led by her new friend, Mr. Voice, Misfortune ventures into the woods, where mysteries are unraveled and a little bad luck unfolds.
2322 | Command your crew in Boat Crew, a gripping action-strategy experience amidst the Pacific War. Take charge of a PT boat against Imperial Japan, skillfully managing resources and personnel by any means necessary to ensure victory in this high-stakes conflict.
2323 | Try to control one person with 2 people! Take the reins with your friends as you try to complete challenging and hilarious missions in this fun cooperative game of teamwork, chaos and comedy!
2324 | Crash over and over until you master the mountain in the snowy followup to Lonely Mountains: Downhill. Now also including 2-8 person crossplatform multiplayer - work your way down the slopes together as a group, or risk it all in a breakneck race to the base!
2325 | Hatred is a violent twin-stick shooter, in which you take the role of The Antagonist fighting against all of humanity.
2326 | Assemble a limitless arsenal in this survive-em-up roguelite shooter. As a Gun Manufacturer's testing force, your mission is simple: test the latest gun tech and scavenge alien planets. Collect insane weapon parts to invent crazy guns that slay thousands. You may not survive, but your guns will!
2327 | BUILD YOUR VIRTUAL WEED EMPIRE: Grow the hottest strains & crossbreed new ones, roll your own Blunts, sell Bongs, hire Growers, make Solventless Concentrates, handle Rival Dealers, befriend Influencers, smoke Dabs, ride a Dolphin, and More! WELCOME TO WEED SHOP 3!
2328 | The Escapists provides players the opportunity of experiencing a light-hearted insight into everyday prison life with the main objective being that of escaping!
2329 | Approaching Infinity is a turn-based space RPG in the spirit of the sci-fi classics, with endless progression and exploration. Fight tactical battles or use diplomacy. Seek powerful artifacts. Quest, mine, trade, and craft. Level up forever or attempt 10 victories in hardcore or adventure mode.
2330 | Search for valuable items stashed in abandoned barns. Take part in storage auctions, bid high and buy yourself a chance to find exclusive items hidden in the past.
2331 | You awake to the sound of your own panicked breath. In Manhunt, you must run, hide and fight to survive. If you can stay alive long enough, you may find out who did this to you. This is a brutal blood sport.
2332 | Tokyo's population has vanished, and deadly supernatural forces prowl the streets. Use an arsenal of elemental abilities to unravel the truth behind the disappearance and save Tokyo.
2333 | Become a party legend! The celebrated franchise returns with epic drawing battles in Tee K.O. 2, chaotic type-offs in FixyText, time-travel trivia in Timejinx, hidden identity intrigue in Hypnotorious, and group music-making in Dodo Re Mi.
2334 | Survive in outer space! Together with your immortal chicken, discover the truth behind your sudden spaceship crash. Craft tools, pilot vehicles, and even control space stations to survive and explore the wreckage.
2335 | Pixel Starships is an FTL-style online sci-fi strategy builder and management game with a competitive PVP tournament. Set in the retro galaxy, your role is to explore space, meet aliens, and develop your ship, crew and AI. The game contains deep strategic and 4x elements. PSS is community-driven.
2336 | Discover a fresh adaptation of the iconic, multi-award-winning board game. Play against fellow fans around the world, or take on state-of-the-art AI opponents. Build a railway empire, claim routes and dominate your competitors on the leaderboards in this fan-favourite modern classic!
2337 | Play as a border collie and restore color to your human’s world in an atmospheric journey through the northern isles of Scotland. Explore land and sea, uncover hidden paths, herd animals and free wildlife to bring color back to her world, while revealing an emotional story about saying farewell.
2338 | When the Deadly Six threaten to destroy his world, Sonic’s new moves & power-ups are the only way to defeat them before it’s too late!
2339 | Goose Goose Duck is a game of social deduction for up to 16 players. Players are separated into different groups that are each assigned a different objective. Complete your team’s objective to win!
2340 | Stardeus is a deep colony sim set on a broken starship manned by drones and hibernating human survivors. As the AI, have your drones repair your ship, save your crew and travel the stars in this beautiful simulation.
2341 | Embark on this epic adventure in up to 4K 60 fps with improved graphics and audio, a new speedrun mode, updated achievements, and an exclusive anniversary gallery.
2342 | Build your army, dominate your region and lead your alliance to conquer the globe!
2343 | 300 brilliant levels await! Come unveil the myth of Treasure Isle!
2344 | Dungreed is a 2D side-scrolling action game with 2D Rogue-LITE elements. You become an adventurer exploring a continuously evolving dungeon to prevent the town from being destroyed. Eliminate enemies, use a variety of weapons and magic, eat food, and defeat evil in the dungeon!
2345 | Loyalty carries a price and no one knows this more than agent Michael Thorton. A talented young agent cast out by his government, Thorton is the only one with the information needed to stop an impending international catastrophe.
2346 | Step into Patrick’s shorts and create hilarious, physics-based mayhem, as you make the open world of Bikini Bottom your playground!
2347 | Hello Neighbor is a Stealth Horror Game about sneaking into your neighbor's house and figuring out what he's hiding in the basement. Play against an advanced AI that learns from your actions.
2348 | Call of Duty® 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of ordinary soldiers fighting together in epic WWII conflicts. The sequel to 2003's Call of Duty, winner of over 80 Game of the Year awards, Call of Duty 2 offers more immense, more intense, more realistic battles than ever before, thanks to...
2349 | The Matchless Kungfu is an open world sandbox RPG game based on a WuXia background. You can play any martial arts role you imagine in this wild world. Travel through the great wilderness, or be the leader of the group. The most important thing is, build your own story and live the experience!
2350 | Travel to a forgotten world and study alien creatures in this authentic retro metroidvania!
2351 | Stolen Realm is a simultaneous turn-based tactical dungeon crawling looter with action RPG elements where you control up to 6 heroes, solo or through online co-op, venturing forth in adventures set in a high-fantasy, low-poly world.
2352 | Headquarters: World War II is a fast-paced turn-based strategy game where your battlefield tactics are as important as your army management skills. Experience both sides of the war, battling in Europe as the USA, the UK, or Germany. Storm bunkers, occupy houses, win tank duels.
2353 | Onward is the most immersive tactical VR shooter. Join your squad for a wide variety of competitive PvP, co-op PvE, and solo game modes, including intense multiplayer battles or 4-player co-op missions. Realistic weaponry and combat mechanics will push your survival and combat skills to their limit
2354 | Top-down action and space exploration meet asteroid mining automation! Navigate to randomly generated asteroids passing by and start mining. Impress your employer, upgrade your equipment, fight off pirates and save up for that ticket to Earth so you can finally come home... for the very first time.
2355 | Assume the role of Special Forces Sgt. Becket as your routine mission quickly turns into a fight for survival against the wrath of Alma Wade. As Alma's terrifying power surges out of control, your squad is forced to battle through an apocalyptic landscape in search of clues for how to destroy her!
2356 | Storyteller is an award-winning puzzle game about building stories. Start with a title, settings and characters and create a story that fits the story’s description. Play with stories of love, intrigue, crime, monsters, betrayal, and more!
2357 | Start from humble beginnings and take charge of the daily life of a wannabe influencer. Balance your day between creating trend-based content, completing tasks to earn money, and building trust with your neighbors to uncover their stories. Are you ready to embark on your road to fame?
2358 | The Full Package, Remastered – With enhanced graphics, improved lighting, reworked environments, and visual effects, Steelport and The Third Street Saints have never looked so good.
2359 | The final chapter of the Class of '09 VN series... this time from a different perspective! Join Nicole's best friend Jecka as you help her navigate the pitfalls of post-grad life! See what 2009 was truly like in this fully voiced interactive sitcom!
2360 | Working at a data entry job in the big city, you type up and transcribe the lost mail and letters that have nowhere else to go. But as the days carry on oddities in the mail start to emerge, and cracks begin to appear.
2361 | Little Witch in the Woods tells the story of Ellie, an apprentice witch. Explore the mystical forest, help the charming residents, and experience the daily life of the witch.
2362 | Journey to the vibrant world of Rune Factory and experience the legendary fantasy farming adventure like never before!
2363 | This is a martial arts action role-playing game. The core of the game is battle-oriented, and it combines many fighting elements. If you are a player who pursues blood and is brave enough to challenge the limits, it will definitely inspire your adrenaline and bring you the best combat experience.
2364 | Unravel the mystery of a cryptic box in this 2-player co-op puzzle game. Join forces as two detectives, solve cooperative puzzles, communicate effectively, crack the codes and outsmart the killer.
2365 | MADiSON is a first person psychological horror game that delivers an immersive and terrifying experience. With the help of an instant camera, connect the human world with the beyond, take pictures and develop them by yourself. Solve puzzles, explore your surroundings and most importantly, survive.
2366 | Embark upon a vast, snow-ravaged kingdom in Tails of Iron 2, sequel to the critically acclaimed action-RPG. As Arlo, heir to the Warden of the Wastes, adventure through harsh northern lands, home to giant beasts and ragtag bandits, in an epic quest to overcome an ancient, blood-starved evil.
2367 | Discover a dark mystery only a medium can solve. Travel to an abandoned communist resort and use your unique psychic abilities to uncover its deeply disturbing secrets, solve dual-reality puzzles, survive encounters with sinister spirits, and explore two realities at the same time.
2368 | Step into a brutal battle between three warring factions In Dawn of War III you will have no choice but to face your foes when a catastrophic weapon is found on the mysterious world of Acheron.
2369 | Lead a group of childhood friends through their first adventures in a turn-based tactical RPG played under the rules of PF2E, the second edition of a powerful OGL ruleset. Customize their builds, acquire loot and level up, and ultimately defeat the sinister enemies who threaten your hometown.
2370 | Embark on an interstellar journey with Galaxy Idle Clicker! Conquer galaxies, upgrade your spaceship, and face off against a myriad of enemy ships. With engaging minigames, powerful upgrades, GIC delivers an unparalleled idle space adventure. Join the cosmic conquest today and dominate the universe!
2371 | MIST SURVIVAL is a Single-player, survival stealth sandbox game Players will experience the Apocalypse stimulation in the form of virus pandemic, the players have to deal with it to survive through the difficulties such as finding shelter and food, threats from the environment and climate: wild animals, bandits, infected, and dense mist t
2372 | Five Nights at Freddy’s: Help Wanted 2 is the sequel to the terrifying VR experience that brought new life to the iconic horror franchise. As a brand new Fazbear employee you’ll have to prove you have what it takes to excel in all aspects of Pizzeria management and maintenance.
2373 | Stronghold Crusader 2 is the long awaited sequel to the original castle sim. After 12 years Stronghold returns to the desert with a new 3D engine and powerful Havok Physics. Crusader 2 recaptures the original game’s addictive, fast-paced gameplay and authentic castle simulation.
2374 | Legendary tales is a VR Action roleplaying game with up to 4 player co-op. Collect items, enhance your abilities and fight your way through an ever changing dungeon to make your own Legendary Tales.
2375 | Idling to Rule the Gods is a free to play Idle-Game with a lot of content and some Minigames. Depending on your play-style, you can play it fast or slow. Either way it can be fun for hundreds of hours!
2376 | Command an elite team of allied special operators in Nazi-occupied France wreaking havoc in the run up to D-Day in this ambitious turn-based tactics game. Take on the might of Germany's war machine and launch daring raids in occupied territory. Can you do enough to ensure Allied victory?
2377 | Trials Fusion is the gold-standard platform racer for the next-generation of gaming. Built upon the Trials franchise’s proven gameplay foundations, Fusion challenges players endlessly in both classic and all-new ways.
2378 | The official digital version of Hasbro’s classic mystery board game, Cluedo (Clue). Roll the dice and launch into a murder investigation. Whodunit? With what weapon? Where? You’ll need all your brain power to find the answers you need, as you race your friends and family to the truth!
2379 | The inventory management roguelike! Collect rare items, organize your backpack, and vanquish your foes!
2380 | Includes 47 Steam achievements, leaderboards, and stats!
2381 | DAVIGO is a VR vs. PC physics-based battle game. Become the GIANT in VR or a small KNIGHT on PC and fight your friends in local or online matches. KNIGHTS play for free with DAVIGO KNIGHT'S PASS.
2382 | Step into the wonderful world of Slackers! Picture this: you and your friends run out of drinks and the store is closing! Hop in a shopping cart, the ultimate eco-friendly marvel, master the art of riding an unpredictable beast, discover shortcuts as you pave your path to glory!
2383 | Take up the challenge and face true high-stakes platforming in Jump King! Struggle upwards in search of the Smoking Hot Babe of legend, but explore with care; a single missed jump could lead to a long fall back down...
2384 | After two years of working your butt off in college, you and your girlfriend Summer finally managed to qualify for an international student exchange program in sweet, sweet Paris. Sounds nice, doesn’t it? Well, maybe if the principal didn’t suddenly exclude you from the program completely. Bitch.
2385 | Styx: Master of Shadows is an infiltration game with RPG elements taking place in a dark fantasy universe, where you sneak, steal and assassinate your way through as Styx, a Goblin two-centuries of age.
2386 | Run your tobacco shop. Sign contracts with leading brands, order products, hire workers, expand your store, and never let your customers leave the store empty-handed. Play with friends or go solo, and enjoy the growth of your shop.
2387 | Project Castaway is a survival crafting title set in the Pacific Ocean. Live the life of a stranded castaway, with only yourself - and the island's inhabitants - for company! Sail the ocean, hunt, explore unique islands and gather resources as you fight for survival.
2388 | As an employee of a mysterious organization your job is to monitor live surveillance camera footage and spot anomalies using your sharp eyes and good memory. Can you survive the entire night shift or will you succumb into paranoia?
2389 | Cossacks 3 is the return of RTS classics. Obtain resources, build cities and research technologies while taking command of great armies, crushing enemies in grand historical warfares on land and sea!
2390 | Dive into a transformed vibrant post-apocalyptic Hope County, Montana, 17 years after a global nuclear catastrophe. Lead the fight against the Highwaymen, as they seek to take over the last remaining resources.
2391 | Bramble The Mountain King is a grim adventure set in a world inspired by dark, Nordic fables. Explore the beautiful yet dangerous and twisted land of Bramble in your endeavour to rescue your sister. Traverse a wondrous landscape and survive deadly encounters with Bramble's many hideous creatures.
2392 | Ys returns with a brand new adventure for the first time in 8 years! Adol awakens shipwrecked and stranded on a cursed island. There, he and the other shipwrecked passengers he rescues form a village to challenge fearsome beasts and mysterious ruins on the isolated island.
2393 | Take control of any nation and shape its future. Manage resources, trade, and taxes, engage in real-time warfare, navigate global diplomacy, and react to dynamic world events. Build a thriving economy, forge alliances, and command armies in a constantly evolving world!
2394 | Camp Buddy: Scoutmaster Season is a Gay Adult / Yaoi Visual Novel that features the adventures of Scoutmaster Yoshinori Nagira after the events of ‘Camp Buddy’ during the off-season. Help Yoshinori with his decisions and create a special bond with your chosen partner. Forever it’s our Buddy Oath!
2395 | Tale of Immortal is an open-world sandbox based on Chinese mythology and cultivation. You will grow to become immortal, conquer the beasts from the Classic of Mountains and Season, make your choices carefully and grasp your own destiny.
2396 | Collect and craft thousands of pieces of loot to increase your power. Build your team by capturing monsters and bosses to fight at your side in old school, turn-based combat. Prove you’re the mightiest hero in the land by competing in the PvP arena, Raids, and weekly events for awesome prizes!
2397 | Octodad: Dadliest Catch is a game about destruction, deception, and fatherhood. The player controls Octodad, a dapper octopus masquerading as a human, as he goes about his life. Octodad's existence is a constant struggle, as he must master mundane tasks with his unwieldy boneless tentacles while simultaneously keeping his cephalopodan...
2398 | Ready to die? Experience the newest brutal action game from Team NINJA and Koei Tecmo Games. In the age of samurai, a lone traveler lands on the shores of Japan. He must fight his way through the vicious warriors and supernatural Yokai that infest the land in order to find that which he seeks.
2399 | A sexy biotech mystery filled lots of sex! You uncover a potential flaw with the female libido enhancement drug within your biotech company. Along the way you encounter several potential female love interests.
2400 | From the art director of Journey®, ABZÛ is a beautiful underwater adventure that evokes the dream of diving. Immerse yourself in a vibrant hidden world bursting with color and life as you descend into the heart of the ocean. But beware as you swim deeper as dangers lurk in the depths.
2401 | Paladins is the ultimate fantasy team-based shooter experience, with over 50 customizable Champions fighting in 5v5 action across a diverse Realm of modes and maps!
2402 | Help Shunral infiltrate the Demon Lord's castle in this turn-based, rogue-lite adventure. Remember to keep a safe distance while eliminating his cronies with your bow and arrow. Failure to do so may result in an animated interactive experience with the local monsters.
"2403 | HuniePop is a unique sim experience for PC, Mac and Linux. It's a gameplay first approach that's part dating sim, part puzzle game, with light RPG elements, a visual novel style of presentation, an abrasive western writing style and plenty of ""plot""."
2404 | Robin Hood - Sherwood Builders is an action-adventure RPG with base-building elements, where you take on the role of a classic hero who stands up to the tyranny and injustice that haunts Sherwood. Fight, craft, steal, and of course help the local people grow and prosper.
2405 | Eggs: perfection in two parts. The simple whites. The sublime yolk. Each the lesser without its partner. Chorus and verse. A symphony of flavor. The catchy tune reminding us of warm baths and late-night movies. The elevator music to whatever lies beyond.
2406 | A new life awaits in Honeywood! Build a thriving community that will last generations in this cozy farm simulator. Farm, socialize, make friends, cook, craft, forage and uncover the secrets of the island! If someone doesn’t want to be friends? There are always other means.
2407 | Become The Witcher, Geralt of Rivia, a legendary monster slayer caught in a web of intrigue woven by forces vying for control of the world. Make difficult decisions and live with the consequences in a game that will immerse you in an extraordinary tale like no other.
2408 | The year is 2008. Citywide blackouts ... stock exchange sabotage ... electronic hijacking of national defense systems ... this is information warfare. To prevent these attacks, operatives must infiltrate deep into hostile territory and aggressively collect critical intelligence, closer than ever to enemy soldiers.
2409 | SimCity 3000 Unlimited brings you the classic strategy gaming of SimCity 3000 with all-new scenarios that open up a whole world of city planning and building possibilities! The thrills of the classic SimCity 3000 are here again!
"2410 | Use ""game"" as a medium to showcase the world of ""you/girl"". Explore the truth of ""you/girl/world"" through the form of a ""visual novel""."
2411 | Explore the last remnants of civilization in this vast, unforgiving, and interconnected world. Learn what is left of its history. Discover pockets of natural life in the perpetually expanding Omnistructure. Lose yourself in a journey unlike any other. Find your purpose in the world.
2412 | The Last Starship is a 2D space construction game where you design and upgrade your starship. Choose your path: pirate hunter, miner, engineer, spacebus driver, and more, whilst exploring vibrant star systems. Enjoy a growing sandbox world, with regular free updates. Your cosmic adventure awaits!
2413 | You have captured Ayame, the enemy's top shinobi! Use all the tools at your disposal to interrogate, tease and get intimate with this feisty maiden!
2414 | VR Paradise is a virtual Strip Club for educated grown ups who own a VR headset.
2415 | Gather your party and get ready for the kick-ass new version of GameSpot's PC Game of the Year 2014. With hours of new content, new game modes, full voiceovers, split-screen multiplayer, and thousands of improvements, there's never been a better time to explore the epic world of Rivellon!
2416 | A condensed incremental experience, where you build a colony to collect and merge bigger and bigger fruits. Combine game-changing technologies and special upgrades to find the best synergies and take your cash flow to another dimension.
2417 | Oblivity is an advanced aim training software that provides everything you need to improve your aim! Find your perfect, intuitive mouse sensitivity with Oblivity's sensitivity finder. Or detect your bad aiming habits in the extensive analysis and replay space.
2418 | Enjoy meditative vibes in Jusant, an action-puzzle climbing game. Scale an immeasurably tall tower and ascend to new heights alongside your watery companion. Master your climbing tools, find your way up through diverse biomes, and piece together the tower’s past.
2419 | Desperate Place is a strategic tower defense game where you play as a crew member who wakes up early on a damaged colonization starship. Stranded on an unknown planet, you must gather resources, repair the ship, and defend against alien monsters to survive and escape.
2420 | Overcooked is a chaotic couch co-op cooking game for one to four players. Working as a team, you and your fellow chefs must prepare, cook and serve up a variety of tasty orders before the baying customers storm out in a huff.
2421 | A free-to-play digital collectible card game set in the 41st millennium, Warpforge brings together the major factions of the Warhammer 40,000 universe as digital cards for players to collect and do battle with in brutal and fast-paced skirmishes.
2422 | Have you ever been to the Arctic? Do you want to open a motel in the Arctic? With the company of aurora, blizzards, polar days and nights, primeval forests, and wild animals, can you turn a run-down motel into a landmark in the Arctic?
2423 | A wild tale of love, death, chickens, and redemption! Chicken Police is a buddy-cop noir adventure with a carefully crafted world, a gritty story, and absurd humor. The game mixes classic adventure games with visual novel-style storytelling, presented in a beak-droppingly unique art style.
2424 | STRAFTAT video game ::::::::::::::::::::: 1v1 ONLINE first person pov SHOOTER ::::::::::::::: quick rounds in 100 MAPS ::::::::::::: Including all WEAPONS and proximity chat
2425 | Startup Company is a business simulation sandbox game where you’re the CEO of a new company. Your job is to build your very own website and compete against the largest tech giants on the planet!
2426 | Become the greatest RUMBLE fighter the world has ever seen! By performing specific martial-arts inspired movements, you can control the earth around you. Gain mastery over this power, and use it to defeat your opponents in intense 1-on-1 PVP duels!
2427 | The hit RPG returns! Remastered with stunning visuals and refined gameplay Re-Reckoning delivers intense, customizable RPG combat inside a sprawling game world.
2428 | A true college football management game. Play as a coach or a school, recruit players, develop your team, and compete for national championships. Build a college football dynasty and become a coaching legend!
2429 | You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay. Fast & Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand.
2430 | Rewrite fate with every strike. Face gods, mythic heroes, and legendary beasts in this souls-like Action RPG set in ancient Greece. Master brutal combat, unlock divine skills, and shape Achilles into the warrior only you can become.
2431 | Carefully guide your nation from the era of absolute monarchies in the early 19th century, through expansion and colonization, to finally become a truly great power by the dawn of the 20th century. Victoria II is a grand strategy game played during the colonial era of the 19th century, where the player takes control of a country, guiding...
2432 | Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines is a real-time tactics game set in World War II that puts you in command of a small squad of elite troopers. Send them behind enemy lines on a series of hazardous missions, and bring them back alive.
2433 | It's good to be bad… Embark on an all-new DC/LEGO® adventure by becoming the best villain the universe has seen. Players will create and play as an all-new super-villain throughout the game, unleashing mischievous antics and wreaking havoc in an action-packed story.
2434 | You are the Defier, subjected to a mythic plot across ruined isles. In this Greek myth-inspired survival craft, ascend from weak soldier to god-like anti-hero. Build impressive Greek structures, craft and upgrade your gear, and face down the trials of Gods with up to 3 friends.
2435 | The Oregon Trail is back in a beautiful blend of charming pixel art characters, 3D environments, and cutting-edge lighting and visual effects!
2436 | Enter a dark and sinister world where you must battle for survival. With gratifying real-time combat, epic monsters, and glorious visuals, this isn't just another MMO... This is VINDICTUS!
2437 | SAND LAND is an action RPG where you become the main character as Beelzebub, a Fiend Prince. Lead your company of heroic misfits and explore the legendary world of SAND LAND created by Akira Toriyama.
2438 | Nova Drift distills the mechanical depth and strategy of an ARPG into classic arcade space combat. Control an endlessly evolving bio-mechanical ship, face legions of strange and deadly foes, and ride the wake of a dying star across the void.
2439 | Kebab Chefs! is a Co-Op, cooking and restaurant management game that can be played up to 4 players. Design your own restaurant. Cook delicious foods, fill your menu with various recipes, feed customers and become the biggest kebab restaurant in town!
2440 | Rogue Legacy 2 is what you'd get if you mashed Rogue Legacy and a sequel together. Every time you die, your children will succeed you, and each child is unique. Your daughter might be a Colourblind Archer, and your son could be a Pacifistic Chef. Either way, one of them is getting conscripted.
2441 | Trapped and isolated in the abandoned town of Little Hope, 4 college students and their teacher must escape the nightmarish apparitions that relentlessly pursue them through an impenetrable fog.
2442 | Witch It is a multiplayer hide & seek game set in a vibrant, magical world. Brave hunters seek hidden witches that curse their villages!
2443 | The infamous ecchi rail-shooter is back! Fight back with pheromones as girls throw themselves at you and try to find true love in less than a day! Discover a beautifully reimagined version of the first game of the series that never came to the west!
2444 | Survive and colonize Mars in a highly technical, open-world sandbox game. Build and upgrade your base, discover new regions, conduct mining operations, retrieve water, generate oxygen, grow crops, and fix broken parts.
2445 | Greetings Enforcer, and thank you for enlisting in the Hypnospace Patrol Department! As the world falls into its slumber, Hypnospace becomes a bustling global village. These virtual streets aren't going to police themselves!
2446 | Sid Meier's Civilization IV: Colonization is the third offering in the award winning Civilization IV series. A re-imagining of the classic Colonization game Sid Meier created in 1994, Sid Meier's Civilization IV: Colonization is a total conversion of the Civilization IV engine into a game experience in which players will lead a European...
2447 | The Great Battle between Karus and El Morad has arrived to Steam! Pledge allegiance to one of the Nations and put your skills to the test in one of the best PvP system in the MMORPG universe!
"2448 | In this delivery-themed, 2D pixel action adventure, you play as a delivery man doing food runs and completing extra missions. Meet women and enjoy some ""benefits"" that make this a man's dream job!"
2449 | Not your average visual novel, Seeds of Chaos is a sexy dark fantasy tale with RPG & Strategy elements. Become an active participant in the story, making choices which impact your experience and shape the direction of the narrative.
2450 | Battlefleet Gothic: Armada 2 is the new real-time strategy game adapted from Games Workshop’s famous tabletop game that portrays the epic space battles of the Warhammer 40,000 universe.
2451 | A cozy horror game where you own and manage a boba tea shop. Prepare boba teas, serve customers, and expand your menu to grow your business.
2452 | Into the Radius is a single-player survival shooter in VR. Explore the Pechorsk zone filled with surreal landscapes and dangerous anomalies. Defend yourself with realistic firearms, recover strange artifacts, scavenge for loot, and uncover the mysteries of this unforgiving dystopian environment.
2453 | Join 40+ million players in SMITE, the Battleground of the Gods! Wield Thor’s hammer, turn your foes to stone as Medusa, or flex your divine power as one of 100+ other mythological icons. Become a God and play FREE today!
2454 | A dark menace consumes the Old West. In solo or coop, fight with style in visceral, explosive combat against bloodthirsty monstrosities. Eradicate the vampiric hordes with your lightning-fueled gauntlet and become a Wild West Superhero.
"2455 | Card-en-Ciel is a roguelite card-battling RPG featuring over 300 different cards and 50 unique vocal songs! Play as Neon, the ""Gaming Chair Detective"" famous for solving net-crimes, as he encounters a strange new case when he dives into an in-development game world."
2456 | A rail shooter, with a difference, replacing bullets with pheromone shots, and enemies with giddy love-obsessed school girls. Every love letter and advancing kiss drains your energy! Repel them while upgrading your power ups and take part in outrageously lewd mini-games to find your true love!
2457 | MY GARAGE is a car simulation game with main focus being simulating real car repair, maintenance and physics.
2458 | Experience what it’s like to be Batman and face off against Gotham's greatest villians. Explore every inch of Arkham Asylum and roam freely on the infamous island.
2459 | Sensei! I like you so much! is a fandom business simulation game. You will play as a fanfic author, create fanfic of all genres, release your fanzine, join comicons, gather followers, and become a legend. In the meantime, buy goods of your pairing, build itabags, and decorate your room.
2460 | Enter Tahnra, a land savaged by war. You, a fresh academy graduate with humble beginnings, will grow to lead a grand army against a corrupt adversary. Gather heroes, form bonds, and lead your force in turn-based battles. Make use of tactics, terrain, morale and more to bring peace to the land!
2461 | Wish-granting Mermaid’s Tears in the hands of SpongeBob and Patrick… What could go wrong? Sure, the very fabric holding the universe together could come undone, opening portals into wild Wishworlds. But that’s nothing our favorite sponge can’t handle- with the right cosmic costume!
2462 | You are the advisor of the art club and the only other person in there is Ichijou Erika. She offers to be a model for the club but your eyes begin to wander towards her erotic body. Something she is very aware of. How will you maintain your composure in front of her lascivious invitation?!
2463 | Establish and grow a pirate utopia during the Golden Age of Piracy. Create a resource-based economy, engage in real-time naval combat, and conduct diplomacy with rival powers. Explore the far reaches of the Caribbean in search of the ultimate fortune and glory.
"2464 | ""Workplace Fantasy"" is an action-adventure love story about a man's enchanting encounters with a gentle older sister, an adorable younger sister, an older university female, female colleagues, female supervisors, beautiful saleswomen, mysterious angels, and even a female succubus and a female ghost."
2465 | Explore the zombie-infested city of Los Perdidos, and find a way to escape before a military strike wipes the entire city, and everyone in it, off the map.
2466 | Coloring Game 5 - coloring by numbers. Is a bright representative of anti-stress games.
2467 | Spiders with laser swords! Duel to the death against your friends or choose to team up and hold back swarms of savage enemies. Swing, stab and shoot with style, effortlessly performing movie-worthy parkour.
2468 | A Mesoamerican fantasy RPG that blends turn-based and real-time combat. Explore the world through three handcrafted stories forged in bloodshed, laced with magic, and united by revenge.
2469 | The beloved and critically acclaimed Ghostbusters video game is back! Strap on your proton pack once again and join the Ghostbusters on the adventure with the voice and likeness of the original crew as you battle to save New York!
2470 | CHRONO CROSS is an RPG that transcends time and space, unfolding across two interlinked parallel worlds. With over 40 party members to meet, people and dimensions will intertwine in this epic drama about the planet itself.
2471 | Ultimate Admiral: Age of Sail is a tactical wargame from the creators of the Ultimate General series set amidst the epic naval campaigns in the period of the American Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
2472 | FPV LOGIC is an FPV drone simulator with near-real physics and operation experience. Whether you enjoy freestyle or racing, you can find the same fun as flying a real drone in this game.
2473 | Atari 50: The Anniversary Celebration takes players on an interactive journey through 50 years of video games via interviews with designers, developers and industry leaders, documentary footage, product design documents, high-res original artwork, and a curated list of more than 90 playable games.
2474 | Explore the mysterious Wall World on your giant robospider: mine for valuable resources, upgrade your equipment to fight off hordes of monsters, and discover exotic biomes in-between attacks. Will you be able to survive and learn the secrets of the Wall World?
2475 | Mika and the Witch’s Mountain is a fantasy adventure about an aspiring witch who delivers packages to the townspeople of a small island. Explore every cranny and soar through the sky with your magic broom.
2476 | Rewrite the universe! Break reality to change your fate, and use your powers to stop sinister forces from altering existence itself. Discover the origin of your new abilities in a fast-paced ARPG Loot Collection Roguelite where you will bend, break, and change the laws of the universe!
2477 | You've accepted a shady job offer at a doll factory. Inspect dolls for defects and anomalies. Follow strange protocols. Don't get fired and stay alive.
2478 | Hex of Steel is a refreshing WWII wargame covering all fronts featuring a certain amount of original mechanics. Fight in solo against finally a decent AI throughout Europe, Africa or the Pacific, or against a friend in the cross-platform PBEM or real time multiplayer. Coop is also an option!
2479 | Lead the great armies of the Star Wars™ Episode II: Attack of the Clones saga in intense real-time strategy clashes. Enter the fray as the Galactic Empire, Rebel Alliance, Wookies, Trade Federation, Gungans or Royal Naboo to determine the course of the Galactic Civil War.
2480 | On your way home on the train, you weren't paying attention. Until you realised the train had been stopping at the same station over, and over again. Watch out for anomalies, and avoid the Anomaly Exit! Made for singleplayer and 2-6 co-operative multiplayer.
2481 | Immerse yourself in a dramatic yet charming and witty world of evidence-gathering, deduction and courtroom battles with this double-pack of the adventures of rookie lawyer Ryunosuke.
2482 | DRAGON QUEST BUILDERS™ 2 is a block-building RPG set in a fantasy land threatened by an evil cult. Explore, battle, build and harvest in the charming single-player campaign or build big projects in the online sandbox mode for up to 4-players.
2483 | As a contestant on a high stakes reality game show of the future, you must survive a dangerous urban environment packed with traps, confounding puzzles, and heavily armed psychopaths. Turn-based combat in hand crafted levels, built for entertainment.
2484 | Far Cry® 3: Blood Dragon is THE Kick-Ass Cyber Shooter.Welcome to an 80’s vision of the future. The year is 2007 and you are Sargent Rex Colt, a Mark IV Cyber Commando. Your mission: get the girl, kill the baddies, and save the world.
2485 | Age of Empires II has been re-imagined in high definition. With the release of Age of Empires II: Definitive Edition, this product will not be updated further.
2486 | Build and expand your very own settlements in high mountains! Carefully plan production chains and satisfy various needs of your three-caste society while dealing with mountain hazards such as weather breakdowns and avalanches. Are you skilled enough to make your town thrive?
2487 | Command a space-faring empire in Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion, the new stand-alone expansion that combines 4X depth with real-time strategy gameplay.
2488 | Survive the mystery that awaits the JFS Gun-Dog in deep space in this retro visual novel / graphic adventure.
2489 | The fantasy wargaming classic is back! Lead powerful heroes and mighty armies into battle in this critically acclaimed turn-based strategy milestone. Level up and train your units and guide them through a gripping story campaign to decide the fate of a world on the brink of destruction.
2490 | The last days of man are at hand.. Two years after the Infinite War the once great warring nations now lie in ruins, and humanity’s hope for a brighter future is nothing but a bitter memory. A new, seemingly unstoppable enemy, supported by the zealots of The Order, now seeks to eradicate mankind: UEF, Aeon Loyalist, and Cybran alike.
2491 | Battle through an onslaught of mystical backwater cultists, possessed militants & even darker forces as you attempt to discover just what lurks beneath the Earth in this retro FPS inspired by the '90s legends.
2492 | Grey Hack is a massively multiplayer hacking simulator game. You're a hacker with full freedom to act as you wish on a vast network of procedurally generated computers.
2493 | Defeat enemies, earn gold, upgrade your village, become a Ninja Master!
2494 | On a journey to great magical might, explore and control the lands of Eo in this ever-changing turn-based strategy role-playing game. Field armies and heroes in tactical combat, finish hundreds of quests, and gather spells and artefacts to become the most powerful mage of all.
2495 | A mysterious invitation leads to the attic of an abandoned house. In the room is a cast-iron safe laced with strange carvings and on top, a note from your distant companion. It promises something ancient and astonishing concealed in the iron chamber - you need only find a way in.
2496 | Gorogoa is an elegant evolution of the puzzle genre, told through a beautifully hand-drawn story designed and illustrated by Jason Roberts. Winner of Debut Game at the 2018 BAFTA Games Awards, as well as Best Mobile Game and the Innovation Award at the GDC 2018 Choice Awards.
2497 | The sequel to the million-plus selling Dead Rising, Dead Rising 2 takes the zombie survival horror to Fortune City, America’s latest and greatest entertainment playground.
2498 | ULTROS is a psychedelic metroidvania where you wake up stranded on The Sarcophagus — a cosmic uterus holding an ancient, demonic being. Trapped in the loop of a black hole, you will have to explore The Sarcophagus and meet its inhabitants to understand the part you play...
2499 | Lawgivers II is a political sandbox game that features multiple electoral systems, approve/reject bills and govern a country. Start out your career from the very bottom, and perhaps one day, lead your nation to become the most influential in the world.
2500 | The highly anticipated sequel to the best-selling Stronghold, Stronghold Crusader HD throws you into historic battles and castle sieges from the Crusades with fiendish AI opponents, new units, 4 historical campaigns and over 100 unique skirmish missions.
2501 | Living as a slave to the Kaiju Princess in a colorful cohabitation lifestyle! An enriching and exciting time management love development game.
2502 | Subsistence is a sandbox, first person, solo or co-op, PvE open-world survival game. Struggle through changing seasons to build a base, develop technology and gear-up in the hostile environment. Defend yourself from wildlife, the elements and AI hunters (who also build bases in the world).
2503 | Build your own model railway tracks and scenery or explore pre-made layouts, including 1000s of player-made layouts on the Steam Workshop! Play in virtual reality and on PC!
2504 | Explore the wonderful world with baby Ogu! 'Ogu and the Secret Forest' is a 2D adventure game with hand-drawn characters and various types of puzzles. Befriend bouncy characters and defeat strange creatures to unravel the mystery of the charming world.
2505 | Create and manage your dream restaurant! Menus, purchasing, décor, staff, equipment, customers… and don't forget the actual cooking! Experience the daily life of a restaurateur and earn your awards from the Michelin Guide.
2506 | Anger Foot is a lightning fast action FPS where the only things harder than your ass kicking feet are the ass kicking beats.
2507 | Welcome to Zeepkist! You race soapboxes down hills!
2508 | Sprint on the walls with a unique 2D movement, flowing seamlessly into fast-paced acrobatic combat as you tear through an army invading your capital city, in this action-platformer roguelite installment in the Prince of Persia series.
2509 | FINAL FANTASY® III, one of the best-loved games from the epic RPG series, available on Steam.
2510 | Welcome to Escape Academy. Train to become the ultimate Escapist. Solve Puzzles. Hack Servers. Meet the Faculty. Brew the perfect cup of tea. Escape Rooms in single player or co-op with a friend - local or online!
2511 | Corruption of Champions II is an erotic text-based adventure RPG in which you contend with an invasion of perverse demons into your home realm. Romance friends and enemies such as catgirl clerics and kitsune mages, transform your body, and try to defeat the spreading corruption - or surrender to it!
2512 | Are you ready to serve the guests in the Rusty Lake Hotel? Solve all mysteries in this dark and eerie puzzle game. Rusty Lake Hotel is a point-and-click adventure by the creators of the Rusty Lake & Cube Escape series.
2513 | Skydance’s BEHEMOTH is an original story set in the Forsaken Lands, a fallen kingdom haunted by tragedy. Play as an outland warrior, Wren the Hunter (the player), and embark on a perilous quest to save yourself and your village. Your only hope is to slay the unslayable, the monstrous Behemoths.
"2514 | The definitive edition of the Atelier ""Mysterious"" series at a new price, with brand new content and various DLCs! ""Atelier Sophie"" is the 1st instalment: a chance encounter between Sophie and a sentient book Plachta takes them on an adventure to recover Plachta's memories."
2515 | Meet gorgeous women! Find long lost treasure, explore the ancient mysteries that surround the island and build your own harem in Treasure of Nadia!
2516 | From Glory To Goo is a Sci-Fi survival RTS set on an alien world. Serve as humanity's bulwark by establishing a colony and supporting your colonists still in orbit. But beware, for The Goo, a relentless and shape-shifting force approaches from all sides, even above and below.
2517 | Unique events transport you to the halls of a long-forgotten crypt. The only means of escape lies locked within a stone pedestal, along with a note from your mysterious ally. His words promise assistance, but only serve to entice you into a compelling world of mystery and exploration.
2518 | Biped is a coop action adventure game with a strong focus on moment-to-moment collaboration between 2 players.
2519 | You are a traveling painter, exploring the island of Eastshade. Capture the world on canvas using your artist’s easel. Talk to the inhabitants to learn about their lives. Make friends and help those in need. Visit cities, scale summits, unearth mysteries, and discover forgotten places!
2520 | Gladio Mori is a physics-driven multiplayer gladiator combat game featuring slow-motion battles, organ-specific damage, and a fully customizable move editor. Craft your own fighting style or use community created movesets to fight your way to glory.
2521 | Create your own bus empire on Fuerteventura now! Thanks to the economy system in the new Tourist Bus Simulator, you will be able to found your own bus company on the popular holiday island Fuerteventura.
2522 | Experience unparalleled board control and responsiveness while you skate iconic real-world skate spots. This is the evolution of skateboarding gameplay. With Independent Foot Control and unique physics-based gameplay, skate gamers finally have the expressive controls they have always dreamed of.
2523 | Make Mars your own! Take control of the world’s most sophisticated AI (AMI) and terraform the surface of the Red Planet for a city-building experience on a planetary scale. Transform this barren world into a lush paradise and explore the surface for any ancient secrets that may be waiting.
2524 | A knight who hangs a female goblin in a humiliating manner on his chest? Unable to fight without merging with a woman? As a Meat Armor Knight, you cannot grow stronger like ordinary people, but if you conquer the females, your power might become unparalleled...
2525 | Join Emmet and an unlikely group of resistance fighters in their heroic quest to thwart Lord Business’ evil plans—a mission that Emmet is hopelessly and hilariously unprepared for.  It’s a wild ride with a surprising mix of over 90 playable characters including Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, the Green Ninja, Gandalf, Shakespeare,...
2526 | Moonbury's residents need healing, and you're the best chemist around! With your trusty tools, a brewing cauldron, and a canine companion at your side, you'll need to diagnose symptoms, gather ingredients, brew potions, and cure ailments in this open-ended sim RPG.
2527 | 30 years on, the battle for our world's future continues. Super Robot Wars is a tactical RPG that brings characters and robots from a variety of mecha anime together to battle their mutual foes.
2528 | Lyndaria: Lust Adventure is a non-linear erotic visual novel set on a lost island inhabited by Furry tribes. The naive but courageous character - Maya is waiting for exciting adventures, dangerous and savoury!
2529 | Fallen hero of the Wild West, you’re wanted and in disgrace! Grab your guns, survive endless hordes of bounty hunters and fight to clear your name! Bounty of One is a fast-paced casual roguelite bullet hell for 1 to 4 players. Dash, Dodge, Shoot, Repeat!
2530 | “Troll” is such a strong word for this 2D platformer with nearly 200 uniquely inventive levels. Don’t let screaming YouTubers convince you that this game is unfair. It’s fair. Sure, there are buzzsaws but they’re NICE buzzsaws. You will curse the guy who made Level Devil (Me😈) then ask for more.
2531 | Face off against the bridge troll in his bizarre game of chess! Decrypt, Twist and Enforce the rules as your devious opponent attempts to break them in King of the Bridge!
"2532 | Theater of war, infinite drama. A masterpiece of historical simulation ""ROMANCE OF THE THREE KINGDOMS 8"" is revived after 20 years. Enjoy the greatest military drama in the Three Kingdoms series, with the largest number of officers and scenarios!"
2533 | Relive the captivating gameplay of a true city-building classic with Anno® 1404 History Edition.
2534 | Medieval Blacksmith is a blacksmithing simulation set in a magical medieval world. Play as a blacksmith with no past, craft legendary weapons from daggers to spears, and forge your path to becoming the world’s greatest. Dive into a story filled with adventure and endless creative possibilities!
2535 | Resident Evil® Revelations returns redefined for PC complete with high quality HD visuals, enhanced lighting effects and an immersive sound experience.
2536 | The Excavation of Hob's Barrow is a folk horror narrative-driven adventure. Explore the isolated moors of rural Victorian England as you uncover the mysteries of Hob's Barrow. The answers lie in the soil...
2537 | Inspired by the cinematic lore of Blair Witch, experience a new story-driven psychological horror game that studies your reactions to fear and stress.
2538 | An iconic course for motorbike fans. 200km of open roads to practise on. Challenging physics. A simulation for the best riders.
2539 | Tails of Iron is an epic RPG Adventure with punishingly brutal combat. As Redgi, heir to the throne, you must embark on a perilous quest to reclaim your Kingdom. Explore a deceivingly charming world. Assemble a band of brave companions. Banish the merciless Frog clan!
2540 | An unusual mix of adventure and idle game. In utter loneliness deep below the surface, it's your task to wait for the awakening of your king... for 400 days.
2541 | Scoot is the long awaited scooter riding game that riders have been waiting years for. Enter this physics based game and perform over 40 different tricks, customise your scooter and rider, build your dream park, film clips, or play online with friends!
2542 | Experience the ultimate power fantasy as the apex predator of the seas - a giant Shark! Terrorize the coastal waterways. Tear swimmers and divers limb from limb, give the humans a reason to fear you!
2543 | Merciless trench warfare immerses you and your squad in intense battles of attack and defense. Verdun is the first multiplayer FPS set in an authentic World War One setting offering a rarely seen battlefield experience.
2544 | Build and fly realistic aircraft. Use free-form fuselage and wing editor tools and tune your engines to recreate aircraft from any era or design your own.
2545 | The Chef’s Shift is a fast-paced typing game in a restaurant setting, where you’ll both cook & serve food to hungry customers, all done by TYPING.
2546 | Start as a humble commoner and guide your family through generations in this family sim meets city builder. Climb the ranks of society to become the most influential family in the land. With wit, strategy, and a bit of luck, build your legacy - just try not to trip over your ambition!
2547 | Dive into Underground Garage, a mechanic sim blending car customization with fast driving. Craft builds for every drive, test them in an open world filled with challenges. Gear up and rev up your ultimate automotive adventure!
2548 | A new release in the Empires series, featuring a mix of thrilling action and country capturing simulation. Experience the human drama of the Three Kingdoms in a way only Empires can provide. Fight exciting Castle Sieges and manipulate the country's Politics. Welcome to the Empires experience!
2549 | A defense RTS where you can move turrets at will. Extract resources, upgrade technology, and defend against enemy swarms in a gripping space campaign. Hold the line, set up your turrets, and brace for screen-filling hordes!
2550 | Confront time and fate in the 2D action RPG, Astlibra Revision. Explore meticulously crafted worlds, fight brutal boss battles, and upgrade your skills to take down enemies lurking around every corner.
2551 | Add horror and humor to your universe. Make grotesque beasts or cuddly critters, then watch them do the robot, zombie walk, break dance and more! Includes over 100 new items. 60 New parts 48 New paint options 24 New animations
2552 | Golden Treasure is a game for those who carry dragons in their hearts. Hunt, explore, survive, and become Great among the True Children of Sun and Earth.
2553 | Haydee III is a hardcore metroidvania with third-person shooter mechanics, platforming, puzzles, a sexy heroine and cake!
2554 | A new dark fantasy Three Kingdoms action RPG from Team NINJA, the developers of Nioh.
2555 | RE Revelations 2 continues the series acclaimed essential survival horror experience, while uncovering startling truths.
2556 | Become a motorbike mechanic and build your empire. Buy, repair, renovate, and create your own dreamed custom motorcycle.
2557 | Dive into the mysteries of the Backrooms with a solo-developed survival game. Explore eerie hallways, uncover secrets alone or in multiplayer (up to 6 players), and take on unique challenges.
2558 | DRAGON QUEST MONSTERS: The Dark Prince comes to Steam®! Recruit monsters from the DQ series, synthesize new creatures and compose your ideal team.
2559 | MATCH DNA BUBBLES IN AN UNDERGROUND LAB TO KEEP YOUR PSYCHIC CLONE FROM INVADING YOUR MIND AND TURNING YOU INTO A CANNIBAL. This is the match-3 survival horror comedy RPG metroidvania you didn't know you needed.
2560 | Hunt humans, slay dinosaurs. It's chaotic prehistoric PvP, pick a side. Think fast, or you're extinct!
2561 | MECHANICUS II ANNOUNCED! Take control of one of the most technologically advanced factions in the Imperium: the Adeptus Mechanicus. In this turn-based tactical game, your every decision will weigh heavily on the outcome of the conflict. Will you be blessed by the Omnissiah?
2562 | Sneak into a world of underground assassins as Harman Smith, a man who manifests 7 deadly personalities, the killer7. Take control of this distinct murderers' row as they hunt down the sinister Kun Lan to thwart his plan of world dominance.
2563 | DeadPoly is a polygon arcade zombie survival looter shooter with base building, crafting, scavenging, leveling, questing, and more, but your only goal is survival, everything else is optional.
2564 | Master the Jujutsu of your favorite Sorcerers and Cursed Spirits! Bring a friend and dive into the world of JUJUTSU KAISEN in this action-packed, 2-on-2 fighting game!
2565 | Desperados III is a story-driven, hardcore tactical stealth game, set in a ruthless Wild West scenario. Play smart if you want to succeed. A good plan can make the difference between survival and finding yourself at the business end of a pistol.
2566 | Take on the role of a modern farmer in Farming Simulator 17! Explore farming possibilities in a new North American environment. Drive over 250 farming vehicles and equipment from over 75 manufacturers, including new brands such as Challenger, Fendt, Valtra or Massey Ferguson.
2567 | Dive into an adrenaline-fuelled free-roaming adventure with 400 square miles of rugged terrain and hundreds of weapons and vehicles.
2568 | Brace yourself for an action-packed shooter experience in Mini Royale! Battle as green army toy soldiers in a massive kids' bedroom, fighting for survival in modes like Battle Royale, Deathmatch, and more—where only the strongest players or teams claim victory.
2569 | Cut robots apart in VR. Feel your sword disintegrate their metal bodies. Now you live and die in the Crashloop, a roguelike tournament to the death. Lock swords! Shoot shurikens from your wrist! This is CLONE DRONE... in the HYPERDOME!!!
2570 | Enter the Overgrowth, a new realm in the world of Hyper Light. Play alone or with friends to explore open worlds, create new builds, rip through hordes and overcome the Crowns and the Abyss King.
2571 | A story driven solo RPG inspired by oldschool games like RuneScape and Ultima Online! Explore a sprawling medieval fantasy world full of npcs with dialogue, level skills, fight varied monsters and uncover the story of Rothar Aercrest – the cursed lord to the remote woodlands of Imberthale.
2572 | Mystwood Manor is an adult game, in which you play a young man who is in charge of running a hotel full of beautiful women. Experience hours of exciting content, in this adult hotel management game, filled with steamy sex scenes, amusing dialogs and some very unexpected plot twists.
2573 | Amongst the best beat’em up series ever created, jammin’ ‘90s beats and over the top street fighting, the iconic series Streets of Rage comes back with a masterful tribute to and revitalization of the classic action fans adore.
2574 | An UNCONVENTIONAL ADVENTURE RPG that takes place in an inexpressible world filled with amusing musical battles and strange delightful encounters. To put it simply: You are in for a ride.
2575 | Unbridled: That Horse Game is the ultimate horse simulator, giving you the freedom to follow your own dreams and create your own unique story. Experience the freedom of riding, the challenges of horse sports, and the joy of breeding horses - all in a stunning virtual world.
"2576 | Parasite Black is a mature, dark fantasy RPG set in the world of Mirnos, where a deadly race known as the Demorai threatens everything. With your newfound ""gift,"" you may hold the key to turning the tide of war and saving the realm from destruction."
2577 | Stand and fight for humanity. This arcade shooter takes place in the year 2022, as the Earth Defense Force fends off an all-out attack by unknown life forms. Become an EDF soldier, battle against endless hordes of immense enemies, and restore peace to the earth.
2578 | Combining a 2D fighting game with a visual novel, the BlazBlue series continues on with massive fan support! The latest installation, BlazBlue: Centralfiction, serves as the ending to the Azure Saga, revealing the hidden truth of the world!
2579 | To hunt vampires, you'll need guns. Lots of guns. Mow down hordes of undead creatures by stacking your guns into absurd, over-the-top builds. Unleash your firepower and survive the mayhem in this Roguelite Survivors FPS.
2580 | Retro Arcade Rally Racing... in Parking Garages?!? Precision driving with tight simple controls and arcade physics, all in a Sega Saturn style presentation
2581 | Nuclear Reactor Simulator: Take Control. Prevent Disaster. Power the World.
2582 | Life is Strange: Before the Storm is a new three part standalone story adventure set three years before the events of the first game. This time play as Chloe Price, a rebel who forms an unlikely friendship with Rachel Amber in a dramatic new story in the BAFTA award winning franchise.
2583 | An open-and-shut case of petty vandalism balloons into a far-flung mind-control conspiracy involving former child stars, the media, the mafia, the government, the internet, and the bright side of the moon. Telltale's episodic classic, lovingly remastered by members of the original development team.
2584 | Orebound is a voxel, factory, automation game set in a first person open-world. The King has tasked you to locate the elusive Emberstone. Go forth and use your Dwarven prowess and knowledge to mine, craft and automate through anything standing in your way - Build up or dig down! How far will you go?
2585 | Explore uncharted islands, engage in fast-paced action combat, and experience the high seas adventures of unlikely allies Adol and Karja in Ys X: Nordics!
2586 | Vault-Tec engineers have worked around the clock on an interactive reproduction of Wasteland life for you to enjoy from the comfort of your own vault. Included is an expansive world, unique combat, shockingly realistic visuals, tons of player choice, and an incredible cast of dynamic characters.
2587 | An online co-op horror game featuring unique playable characters and RPG mechanics. Exorcise ghosts using your special abilities and tools while surviving the supernatural onslaught
2588 | Captain an armed sea vessel to fight off hordes of oceanic terrors! Explore the seas, upgrade your seacraft, equip it with weapons and hire crew members to your aid in this roguelite auto-shooter.
2589 | Rev up your engines, MotoGP™24 is back! Dive into the heart-pounding action of the 2024 season and immerse yourself in the thrills of unexplored landscapes, all thanks to the revolutionary Riders market!
2590 | Get ready for an epic journey to defend your kingdom against hordes of orcs, trolls, evil wizards and other nasty fiends using a vast arsenal of towers and spells at your command!Fight on forests, mountains and wastelands, customizing your defensive strategy with different tower upgrades and specializations!
2591 | Battle Shapers is an action-packed, sci-fi FPS roguelite in which you shoot and smash your way through swarms of corrupt robots. Wield powerful weapons, abilities, and game-changing new powers stolen from ruthless Overlords.
2592 | Command intergalactic forces in this epic return of the 4X strategy classic. From planetary politics to galactic warfare, the stakes couldn’t be higher as you lead your royal house through battles on land, sea, air, and the vast reaches of space.
2593 | Turbo Dismount 2 is a comedy physics racing sandbox with Mr. Dismount and his friends. It is the officially ambitious sequel to the wildly popular, immensely successful, world-renowned entertainment juggernaut - Turbo Dismount.
2594 | Pinball FX3 is the biggest, most community focused pinball game ever created. Multiplayer matchups, user generated tournaments and league play create endless opportunity for pinball competition.
2595 | In the 1920s, on the East Coast of the United States, the half-submerged city of Oakmont is gripped by supernatural forces. You're a private investigator, uncovering the truth of what has possessed the city and corrupted the minds of its inhabitants... and yours.
2596 | SEGA®’s most requested re-release of all time finally comes to a new generation. Shenmue delivers an epic story of revenge within a unique open world that is still unrivalled in depth and detail. Return to the epic saga that defined modern gaming. The saga begins…again.
2597 | The Bloodline is a sandbox adventure RPG that lets you play your way. Reforge bonds between kingdoms, explore the wilds, craft and plan adventures and wield mighty weapons or magic as you prepare for what is to come…
2598 | Take control of the demon sisters Kirika and Masha as they attempt to revive their Demon Lord Maxim and rebuild their castle in this 2D action Metroidvania adventure!
2599 | Stay Out - is a MMORPG with shooter elements, based on spirit of “stalking” - an urban exploration, searching and exploring mysterious, abandoned and forgotten by humanity pieces of our planet.
2600 | The legendary fighting franchise is back with over-the-top action, a wild cast of combatants, rocking reactive music, and C-C-C-COMBO BREAKERS!!! Choose your ultimate combatants each with fluid animations, unique combat tactics, and enthralling special attacks.
"2601 | Put your engineering and problem solving skills to the test in this sandbox physics building game! Enjoy the freedom of completely gridless 3D sandbox building combined with hilarious ragdoll third person controls, offering a truly unique and hilarious ""Enjeniring"" experience!"
2602 | Earth is burning. The Reapers have taken over and other civilizations are falling like dominoes. Lead the final fight to save humanity and take back Earth from these terrifying machines, Commander Shepard.
2603 | Step into the vibrant, sun-soaked streets of Miami in Miami Paradise, an immersive 3D open-world RPG where adventure, romance, and drama await at every turn
2604 | Build physically simulated rovers and transport awkwardly shaped cargo across the surface of Mars. Earn funds, unlock new parts, and use your ingenuity to help the martians establish a new home. Playable solo or in online co-op!
2605 | Pathologic 2 is a groundbreaking open-world horror RPG. Resist the plague. Make medicine. Heal people. Perform an autopsy. Trade to get what you need. Fight and kill if necessary. Survive. Struggle with an outbreak in a secluded rural town that is rapidly turning into hell.
2606 | During the university summer break, I was wondering how to spend my time with no particular plans when my roommate Akira becomes a girl due to TS syndrome! If she climaxes 100 times within 30 days of TS syndrome, her gender will become fixed!? A debauched summer life with a sudden girl begins...
2607 | Tree of Savior(abbreviated as TOS thereafter) is an MMORPG in which you embark on a journey to search for the goddesses in the world of chaos. Fairy-tale like colors accompanied with beautiful graphics in TOS will have you reminiscing about precious moments all throughout the game.
2608 | Imagine DayZ or Rust but you're a duck. A persistent world survival game with PVP, PVE, crafting, base building and hat wearing ducks, wielding weapons.
2609 | You are a gun for hire, trapped in a war-torn African state, stricken with malaria and forced to make deals with corrupt warlords on both sides of the conflict in order to make this country your home. You must identify and exploit your enemies' weaknesses, neutralizing their superior numbers and firepower with surprise, subversion,...
2610 | One of the best games from acclaimed Tycoon series, with well designed gameplay mechanics, appealing graphics, and really high re-playability value. There’s no limit to what you can create so design and build the most thrilling roller coaster the world has ever seen!
2611 | Astral Party is a multiplayer party game populated by cute anime girls! Choose your favorite character, strategize skills & cards, and roll the dice to destroy friendships in this unique board game.
2612 | KENTUCKY ROUTE ZERO is a magical realist adventure game about a secret highway running through the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.
2613 | Marble World is a physics sandbox simulator with marbles. Create your own marble races, runs and machines. Customize a variety of tracks, decorations and marbles to create a beautiful world.
2614 | Circuit Superstars is a top down racing game with a tactile arcade physics model, pitstops, and a pure motorsport approach. It includes 16 categories that span different styles and eras of motorsport.
2615 | A twenty-dollar bill, four summers, fifteen years, and a one of a kind life. Create an experience that’s all your own in this near-fully customizable visual novel where you grow from childhood to adulthood with the lonely boy next door.
2616 | You were framed and incarcerated. Learn to survive in prison. Explore every inch and exploit any weakness. Manipulate and scheme. Make friends (or foes) with fellow inmates and with their help, break out of prison.
2617 | Discover how people across the country think! The Jackbox Survey Scramble is a collection of hilarious survey-based game modes, using real one-word answers from real people. Really! Grab some friends and start guessing!
2618 | Guide 'Skul' on his quest to single-handedly take on the Imperial Army and rescue his King from captivity, in an action-packed rogue-lite 2D platformer for the ages.
2619 | A journey of flavors and friendships awaits you in your cozy, customisable food truck! Forage for fresh ingredients to create your own menu, then feed tummies and souls with home-cooked meals. Change the world, one apple at a time.
2620 | Take up your sword, channel your magic or board your Mech. Chained Echoes is a 16-bit style RPG set in a fantasy world where dragons are as common as piloted mechanical suits.
2621 | Join Amanda and her pal Wooly on a series of adventures as they explore and learn about our wonderful world! With several NEW play-along, laugh-along, learn-along episodes there's always fun to be had! Just make sure to do everything Amanda says or she might get angry.
2622 | POSTAL: Brain Damaged is a new, action-oriented take on the Running With Scissors’ cult game series with throwback graphics, and fast-paced, modern gameplay. Take a wild roller coaster ride through the twisted wonderland encased in the POSTAL DUDE’S messed-up mind.
2623 | Welcome to the charming world of Eastward - population declining! Journey through a society on the brink of collapse. Discover delightful towns, strange creatures and even stranger people! Wield a trusty frying pan and mystic powers on an adventure into the unknown…
2624 | The Forgotten City is a narrative-driven time loop adventure in ancient Rome. Discover the ruins of an ancient underground city, travel 2000 years into the past, and unravel the mystery of who destroyed it by cleverly exploiting the power to wind back time. The fate of the city is in your hands.
2625 | DEATH NOTE Killer Within is an online social deduction game for up to 10 players. Players will be split into two teams with different objectives. To win the game, players will need to figure out each other’s identities and either eliminate L who threatens Kira's power or seize the Death Note.
2626 | Clothing Damage + Survivor + Gear Mods >>> A woman is in danger! Do what must be done… Rip her clothes off! Oh, get your mind out of the gutter, it's the only way to save the world! Grab awesome weapons, sick skills and gear, and get ready for a unique, roguelike shoot-em-up each time you play!
2627 | When a high-ranking security officer saves you from prison, you end up a pawn in her schemes. Now you must eliminate anyone standing in the way of her secret plans and try to get your life back while working two jobs. No tenant, employee or superior is safe from your spying.
"2628 | The official train company's authentic driving simulator is here! JR East Train Simulator"" is a train driving simulator that allows you to experience live-action images and realistic driving sounds of JR East's actual train lines in your own home."
2629 | A relaxing coloring by numbers game. Enjoy completing a variety of images with differing themes, complexity, and sizes.
2630 | Arachnophobia. The Game. The Sequel. Take on the arachnid menace alone or with friends in full campaign co-op. Wage the arachnid war across time and space and exterminate every last spider across the multiverse, or jump into Spider Hunt PvP and play as the eight-legged menace for the first time!
2631 | So much more than a VR drum kit. Learn to drum step by step, flex your skills with the built-in rhythm game, and build your own custom kit from a library of 60+ percussive instruments without the limitations of money or physical space. Fun, intuitive drumming for pros and newcomers alike!
2632 | Deep in the jungle lie hidden temples bursting with traps and trickery, and it's up to you to uncover their treasures. Fire magical balls from your stone frog idol to make matches of three or more and clear the deadly chain before it reaches the golden skull.
2633 | Battle Talent is a challenging physics-based rogue-lite sword-fighting game, and now includes multiplayer mode, team up with friends to defeat enemies! You can create your own fighting style in a mega seamless procedural dungeon. With over 80 enemy variants, 100 weapons, and 60 perks.
2634 | Compete across land, water and air in incredible transforming vehicles that change from cars to boats to planes mid-race.
2635 | The Void King is raising an army in secret. Death has chosen you as his champion to bring him down. Adventure & quest alongside your friends in this bizarre cross-platform MMORPG from the creators of the original, and comically-redundantly named... AdventureQuest! Weekly releases!
2636 | An old shack deep in a dense forest, a strange computer and a game that's trying to kill you!
2637 | TopSpin 2K25 returns as a next-level tennis sim, bringing realistic court physics and challenging skill-based gameplay. Play single or multiplayer locally or online. Build your MyPLAYER or play as icons like Roger Federer and Serena Williams with custom animations mirroring their real-life styles.
2638 | Legacy: Steel & Sorcery is an action-combat PvPvE extraction RPG set in the classic fantasy world of Mithrigarde, rich with expansive outdoor zones. Play solo or with friends to gather loot, slay creatures, and defeat other players.
2639 | Traverse a dried-out seabed littered with the remains of a decaying civilization. Keep your unique vessel going, overcome numerous obstacles and withstand the hazardous weather conditions. How far can you make it? What will you find?
2640 | GRID Legends delivers thrilling wheel-to-wheel motorsport action. Create dream race events, hop into live races, experience a dramatic virtual production story, and embrace the sensation of spectacular racing.
2641 | Your house needs a deck. You have a hammer. Freedom is $1,000,000.
2642 | Pro Soccer Online is a 1st/3rd person, highly skill based, online multiplayer soccer game. It offers a sports game experience unlike any other with smooth, physics based, input driven gameplay that is competitive and rewarding with no pay to win mechanics.
"2643 | Step into the surreal with Dreamcore, a body-cam styled psychological horror game that plunges you into the eerie beauty of ""liminal spaces."" Unravel the mysteries of Dreamcore’s non-linear worlds and uncover its hidden secrets. Can you discover what lies beyond the edge of reality?"
2644 | Princess Meltys spent all her life fooling around while living in the lap of luxury. One day the dastardly Grolido Monster Empire upsets her way of life. Now she sets out on a passionate journey to restore her kingdom, but what pit stops will she make along the way?
2645 | Become the new Guild Master of the Adventurer Guild and lead your adventurers in explorations and turnbased tactical battles. Will the Guild thrive under your leadership? Or will it finally disband under it?
2646 | Are you ready to shape fashion world? Make a brand deal, order products, fill the aisles, dress the mannequins and start selling. Dresses, shirts, coats, pants, nightwear, underwear, shoes and more are waiting for you.
2647 | From the world renowned visual novel studio Key, the highly rated story of CLANNAD is now available on Steam! Improved visuals, achievement integration, and Dangopedia make this the best version of CLANNAD to date.
2648 | Captured, imprisoned, and forced to work... Will you escape, or become another cog in the machine?
2649 | Wield the dance of the shaman. Reclaim your father’s spirit. Brave the beautiful and treacherous land of Kenzera with the God of Death in Tales of Kenzera™: ZAU, a metroidvania-style adventure crafted by Surgent Studios.
2650 | VR horror-slasher with physically correct combat system and dynamic battles across arenas in the dark fantasy world.
2651 | Save patients with your rhythm mastery! Rhythm Doctor is a rhythm game where you heal patients by defibrillating in time to their heartbeats. Learn each patient's unique heartbeat and defeat boss viruses trying to sabotage your rhythm, all set to heart-pumping, soul-soothing music.
2652 | 100% Orange Juice is a digital multiplayer board game populated by developer Orange Juice's all-star cast. Characters from Flying Red Barrel, QP Shooting, Suguri and Sora come together with all-new characters to duke it out... with dice.
2653 | Step into the Town of Salem, a realm of Mystery and Deceit awaits! Join us in this thrilling online strategy game. Experience paranoia, taste triumph, and confront Murder in every move!
2654 | 除邪(CHUXIE) is a surreal first person horror shooting game developed using Unreal Engine 5. With the powerful capabilities of Unreal Engine 5, players will experience stunning realistic visual effects, smooth game controls, and intense battles with terrifying monsters.
2655 | Welcome to Inn Tycoon! Build, design, and manage your dream inn. Serve delightful meals, offer various services, and hire a stellar staff. Create a top-notch hospitality empire and become the ultimate Inn Tycoon!
2656 | Powerful Realtime 3D Electronic Circuit Simulator
"2657 | Follow Aura's adventure as she is thrust into the fantasy world of Roya. What she initially believed to follow the conventional plotline of a ""summoned to another world""-story quickly turns into her worst nightmare."
2658 | Road Redemption lets you lead a biker gang on an epic journey across the country in this driving combat road rage adventure. Huge campaign, dozens of weapons, full 4-player co-op splitscreen and online multiplayer.
2659 | TrackMania is the most entertaining car racing game ever. Millions of players play it in single or multiplayer modes. TrackMania United Forever is the ultimate TrackMania edition thanks to the numerous additions and innovations it has to offer.
2660 | Handyman needed—ASAP! The investor’s coming in the morning, and the house still isn’t ready! Take on an extra shift where horror meets simulation. Tackle the chaos, uncover dark secrets, and finish everything before dawn.
2661 | Grab your cape and defend Millennium City in this comic book-style action MMORPG! Design your hero and costume from thousands of costume pieces, face super-villains like Dr. Destroyer, and create your own unique nemesis.
2662 | From the creators of The Last Stand: Union City and Dead Zone comes an all-new singleplayer rogue-lite action adventure. After you become infected by the zombie virus, you set out to explore the post-apocalypse and find hope for your fellow survivors. You can still make a difference. Don't give up.
2663 | Solve puzzles, riddles, and embark on an exciting journey of discovery! Join Toto and Gal as they explore dreamscapes and befriend magical creatures. Lost in their imagination, the brother and sister must stick together and solve puzzles to find their way home.
2664 | Get Batman: Arkham City and all DLC for one low price with the release of the GOTY Edition!
2665 | He is back. Once again take control of mass serial killer John Wade. Six years later, the infamous Pale Grin resurrects from the grave to terrorize the broken town of Happyhills. This time he has more on his mind than simple killing.
2666 | Welcome to Minami Lane! Build your own street in this tiny cozy, casual management sim! Unlock and customize buildings, manage your shops, and maximize the happiness of your villagers to complete quests and fill your street with love!
2667 | A crew of players experience the tense atmosphere of a WW2 U-boat, manning the stations in this realistic co-op simulation game. Several crews may play together in a wolfpack, completing missions based on iconic events during the different stages of German U-boat warfare. Solo play included.
2668 | Noah Baker, an 18 year old highschooler experiences unsettling occurrences while house-sitting for a media personality, little did he know what was about to unfold that night.
2669 | Wrench is a mechanic simulator where players prepare and maintain race cars. The parts in Wrench are the most detailed of any game in the genre. Extreme attention has been paid to even the smallest components, including fasteners which are accurate to the thread pitch and install torque.
2670 | The ultimate DARKSIDERS II experience! 1080p native resolution. Reworked and tuned game balancing and loot distribution. Improved Graphic Render Engine for even higher visual quality, lighting and shadows. Improved and reworked level, character and environment graphics.
2671 | Whosoever winds up wealthiest in the end (meaning, the bearer of the most assets) shall be deemed the winner! How do you achieve that? Well, by fighting monsters, plundering, pillaging, and betraying your best buds; that's how! All the rules are made to be broken in this board game!
2672 | Coin Pusher Casino brings the excitement of classic coin pusher machines to your computer! With its engaging gameplay and realistic physics, Coin Pusher Casino is a must-play for fans of arcade and coin pusher games!
2673 | Experience a story-driven RPG where your choices mean all the difference in the world.
2674 | I Am Fish is a charming, physics-based adventure starring four intrepid fish friends, forcibly separated from their home in a pet shop fish tank. Swim, fly, roll and chomp your way to the open ocean in a bid for freedom and to re-unite once again.
2675 | Ancient Dungeon VR is a fast-paced roguelite dungeon crawler built for VR. Explore procedurally generated dungeons, slash enemies, collect loot, and unlock upgrades in immersive physics-based combat. Play solo or co-op with up to 4 players.
2676 | The best-selling, award-winning franchise is back – on your home PC in gorgeous HD for the first time.
2677 | Bad North is a charming but brutal real-time tactics roguelite. Defend your idyllic island kingdom against a horde of Viking invaders, as you lead the desperate exodus of your people. Command your loyal subjects to take full tactical advantage of the unique shape of each island.
2678 | Book Bound is a cozy bookshop simulation game. Use a range of items to decorate your shop and make it truly yours. Pick the books you would like to sell. Help customers find books they want most. Sell books in different genres.
2679 | Embark on a journey across vast landscapes in Caravan SandWitch, a captivating narrative-driven exploration adventure.
2680 | The critically acclaimed Valkyria Chronicles is now available on PC in 1080p True HD, including all previously released DLC!
2681 | Take off to the skies for High Lagaard, a mysterious castle beyond the clouds. Assemble a team of heroes, seek the mystery of the colossal Yggdrasil tree and uncover the truth of the city!
2682 | The Ultimate TrickShot Simulation with realistic physics! Experience a variety of trickshot with simple mouse controls. Some stages are difficult. Pushing the limits of your precision and patience. When you pull off a miraculous trickshot, you’ll roar with triumph!
2683 | Sniper Elite 3 is a tactical third-person shooter that combines stealth, gameplay choice and genre-defining ballistics with huge, open levels and the exotic terrain of World War 2 North Africa.
"2684 | ""The collapse of Gensokyo... it was all you - "" To rebuild the now barren phantasia, Reimu's journey begins. A Touhou Project officially approved derivative rhythm action game."
"2685 | Everything has another side Urban Graphic Novel RPG ""CounterSide"" A world where conflict never ends between Counters and Corrupted Objects after the Administration Failure We invite you to a journey to save the Reality."
2686 | Hello Neighbor Multiplayer. Secret Neighbor is a Multiplayer Social Horror Game where a group of intruders try to rescue their friend from the Neighbor's creepy basement. Only problem is one of the intruders is the Neighbor in disguise.
2687 | Games can really show someone's personality, don't you think? By way of a simple exploration-based adventure, this data-science game analyzes your actions to estimate your personality.
2688 | Menace from the Deep is an enthralling Roguelike Deckbuilding card game that unfolds in a dark world, drawing inspiration from Howard Lovecraft and the Cthulhu Mythos.Set against the backdrop of 1920s USA, the narrative revolves around a clandestine occult society.
2689 | A young girl and her loyal friend embark on a rescue mission through a colorful world full of cold machines and unfamiliar creatures. Planet of Lana is a cinematic puzzle adventure framed by an epic sci-fi saga that stretches across centuries and galaxies.
2690 | FINAL FANTASY IV makes its debut on PC! Lose yourself in this timeless tale of heroes, betrayal, love and redemption.
2691 | The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game in the tradition of philosophical science fiction. Made by Croteam and written by Tom Jubert (FTL, The Swapper) and Jonas Kyratzes (The Sea Will Claim Everything).
2692 | An adorable and relaxing open world puzzle adventure for monsters who love to learn about humans!
2693 | You've just unearthed the classic post-apocalyptic role-playing game that revitalized the entire CRPG genre. The Fallout® SPECIAL system allows drastically different types of characters, meaningful decisions and development that puts you in complete control. Explore the devastated ruins of a golden age civilization.
2694 | Capcom’s riveting samurai adventure returns! This version includes the original game’s intense swordplay and dramatic revenge story, plus improved controls, widescreen display, a new soundtrack, and more. Experience this enhanced version of the best-selling action-adventure classic!
"2695 | ""Escape Memoirs: Safe House"" is a co-operative reverse escape-room puzzle game. You are a member of a criminal organization who must break into one of their own safe houses to fetch some important tools. Do you think you have what it takes to overcome the puzzles that stand in your way?"
2696 | I Am Cat - a unique virtual reality game, there's nothing like it in the world! A sandbox adventure centered around a Cat protagonist bearing. A captivating journey where you embrace the role of a Cat. Immerse yourself in a world brimming with diversity and excitement, awaiting your exploration.
2697 | Your Turn To Die -Death Game By Majority- is a multi-ending horror adventure game. Sara Chidouin returns home from school late one night to discover that something's gone terribly wrong. When she comes to, she finds herself, her friend Joe, and 9 other people trapped in a mysterious place.
2698 | All stories must come to an end, even twisted and eerie ones. The canvas. The stage. The novel. This narrative-focused psychological horror experience is ready for its final brushstrokes, its curtain call, its final chapter. Are you ready to return and face your fears one last time?
2699 | Take control of your very own firearms factory. Start with a workshop and a gun shop, and evolve it into a factory of mass destruction. Craft bullets to rockets, handguns to shotguns, hire workers & managers, and become a merchant of death. Get use to the smell of gunpowder and cash.
2700 | Build and explore in a true space sandbox survival adventure. Construct mighty capital vessels, sprawling planetary settlements, and vast space stations in your galactic journey to discover the mysteries of Empyrion!
2701 | Crafted by a solo developer, VOIN is a first-person hack-and-slash. Cleave through hordes of enemies in fast-paced combat. Explore dark fantasy realms filled with secrets and dangers. Discover powerful gear and weapons, and face menacing bosses in your quest to cleanse a broken world.
2702 | Tavern Master is all about managing your medieval tavern. You start with a very small room, couple of benches and tables and build your way up to a huge successful tavern with a kitchen, rooms for guests, group of loyal staff and much more!
2703 | A massively multiplayer grand strategy game, Stronghold Kingdoms is about forging alliances, political mind games, city-building and castle sieges with thousands of other players!
2704 | Saddle up and build your own horse ranch! Raise foals, care for your horses and train them as you explore the western wilderness! Participate in cross country competitions and become your town's champion. Befriend the villagers who'll help you on your adventure at the Ranch of Rivershine!
2705 | Siralim Ultimate is a monster-catching, dungeon-crawling RPG with a ridiculous amount of depth. Summon over 1200 different creatures and travel through randomly generated dungeons to acquire resources, new creatures, and loot.
2706 | Trade – build – settle: Become Lord of Catan! Get to know Catan and play the starter scenario in multiplayer mode. Purchase the complete base game, expansions, card game and much more to discover the entire Universe of Catan.
2707 | MURDERED: SOUL SUSPECT™ takes players into a whole new realm of mystery where the case is personal and the clues just out of reach, challenging gamers to solve the hardest case of all… their own murder.
2708 | SAY ANYTHING in this bizarre dungeon adventure where words control everything. Fill in the blanks with text or voice to uncover lost abilities, embark on strange quests, and solve mindbending riddles. Can you conquer the crypt and uncover the mystery at the heart of CRYPTMASTER?
2709 | Opus Magnum is the latest open-ended puzzle game from Zachtronics, the creators of SpaceChem, Infinifactory, and SHENZHEN I/O. Design and build machines that assemble potions, poisons, and more using the alchemical engineer’s most advanced tool: the transmutation engine!
2710 | Goat Simulator is the latest in high-tech Goat Simulation technology.
2711 | The Freelance Police are back on the crime beat in a newly remastered version of their second episodic season. Zombies will dance. Mariachis will sing. A giant battle robot will trash the streets. And when their friends’ lives are at stake, Sam & Max will risk their very souls to set things right.
"2712 | From the world of ""Lost Eidolons"" comes an all-new roguelite tactical RPG! Stranded on a mysterious island with scattered memories, your only means of survival is to fight. Recruit allies, undertake a perilous journey, and battle to reclaim what you've lost... no matter how many deaths it takes."
2713 | A surreal RPG with a unique graphical style and droll scenario.
2714 | Mix Universe is a musical sandbox game where you play as a Mixonaut adding beautiful vibes to the universe. Everything you hear and see is 100% real-time and editable in-game.
"2715 | Bootstrap Island is an intense, realistic VR survival game, inspired by ""Robinson Crusoe"". As the sole survivor of a 17th-century shipwreck you must quickly learn and adapt to survive against vicious beasts, explore the island and improve your skills to discover the mysteries of the tropical island."
2716 | Dimensionals is the hottest roguelike turn-based RPG with tons of Heroes to collect and level up. Build a party of 3 heroes and combine hundreds of skills to create insane combos in the ultimate tactical challenge. Fight through an epic story told in the style of voice acted comic book cutscenes.
2717 | Shakes & Fidget is a hilarious fantasy role-playing satire and at the same time, an award-winning RPG! Sounds crazy? With over 50 million enthusiastic players, it ranks among the most celebrated online role-playing games worldwide!
2718 | Solve puzzles by placing buildings and creating vibrant cities in River Towns. Each district has its own style and shapes, making every level a new challenge. Help to restore and rebuild our River Towns.
2719 | Holly Gardner, a 19 year old on an interstate drive experiences unusual happenings that leads to an unplanned stay at a motel, little did she know what was transpiring down in Norwood Valley.
2720 | Notoriously lewd first-person shooter, where you find yourself irresistible to every girl in school! Fend off their advances as you explore the school grounds. Use gadgets to expel mischievous demons and upgrade kit like the 'Demon Sweeper' to suck the skirts clean off your suitors!
"2721 | Cute and comical stickman characters have arrived for you to enjoy ""those games"" you've seen and wanted to play before. Play a variety of minigames fully, thoroughly, and enjoyably to your heart's content!"
2722 | Banging beats and mad style, Lethal League Blaze is the most intense ball game you can play online with up to 4 players.
2723 | Prince of Suburbia is a kinetic (linear) adult visual novel with only one thing on its mind. This simple sandbox game is packed with lewd scenes and sprinkled with a fun story that aims to never leave you wanting more. Play Part 1 for FREE!
2724 | The Ouroboros King combines the strategic depth of chess with the build variety and replayability of roguelikes. Assemble a formidable army, discover powerful relics, and buy surprising gadgets to defeat the Coven.
2725 | SteamWorld Dig is back! Dig deep, gain riches and unearth the terrors of the underworld in this platform mining adventure influenced by classic Metroidvania style games.
2726 | Immerse yourself in a gorgeous hand-painted world on a search for your true identity. As the mysterious warrior, Dust, your action-packed journey will take you from peaceful glades to snowy mountaintops and beyond.
2727 | Experience a nerve-racking Lovecraftian adventure, rebuilt from the ground up with modern graphics and gameplay. Become Sherlock Holmes, and find yourself at the heart of the terrifying Cthulhu Mythos as you investigate a series of mysterious disappearances in Europe and the US.
2728 | Breathe easy and thrive in this cozy colony sim. Build a haven for castaways, manage resources, live your best life on the ocean. Lead your humble settlement into a high-tech society.
2729 | I want to confess my feelings for you...
2730 | A sandbox MMORPG that has pushed the boundaries on what it means to be open world and stood the test of time. Dig, mine, shape the world around you and make your lasting mark!
2731 | The biggest, brightest Bejeweled ever! Discover all-new ways to play the world’s #1 puzzle game. Find your perfect match with 8 breathtaking game modes that meet all your moods.
2732 | Age of Wonders: Planetfall is the new strategy game from Triumph Studios, creators of the critically acclaimed Age of Wonders series, bringing all the exciting tactical turn-based combat and in-depth empire building of its predecessors to space in an all-new, sci-fi setting.
2733 | Set in a post-apocalyptic setting, it’s up to your special team of God Eaters to take down god-like monsters devastating the world. With an epic story, unique characters, and all new God Arcs and Aragami, the latest evolution in ACTION is here!
2734 | Welcome to Prominence Poker, a card game that pits players from around the world against each other – and devious AI – to build the rep, prestige, and bankroll needed to be, and beat, the best of the best.
2735 | Roundscape Adorevia is a turn-based 2D adult RPG filled with extensive content, exotic companions, and dozens of story choices. Select your gender, origin, class, and companions to explore the lewd fantasy world of Adorevia.
2736 | You’re just trying to get home. It’s only a quarter mile. One street. What could go wrong.
2737 | It takes two to save the world in this cooperative spy adventure. Pair up with a friend as Agent or Hacker—with only your voices to connect you—and work together to bring a hi-tech global menace to its knees. Now with a FREE CONTENT UPDATE!
2738 | Play as Harry in a hard NTR visual novel where your former college bully reenters your life, working with you and your girlfriend, scheming behind your back to steal her away. With over 400,000 words, 60 sex scenes (most animated), and 8+ endings, your choices shape the way you get betrayed.
"2739 | A new SAMURAI WARRIORS begins. After a 7-year wait, a new instalment in the tactical action series ""SAMURAI WARRIORS"" is finally here!"
2740 | Money Talks. Silence Pays. Prepare to Make a Killing. When assassins from Agent 47's contract agency, The ICA, are eliminated in a series of hits, it seems a larger, more powerful agency has entered the fray. Sensing he may be a target, 47 travels to America, and prepares to make a killing.
2741 | Now an experienced covert operative, Adam Jensen is forced to operate in a world that has grown to despise his kind. Armed with a new arsenal of state-of-the-art weapons and augmentations, he must choose the right approach, along with who to trust, in order to unravel a vast worldwide conspiracy.
2742 | You have two weeks to save the harvest festival! Tend your garden and collect plants for spells and rituals to help the villagers of Flora. After all, if magic isn't for solving everyday problems, what’s the point of a village witch anyway? A cozy story filled with chaos, friendship, and romance!
2743 | Enter the Aperture Science Enrichment Center and experience Bridge Constructor Portal – the unique merging of the classic Portal™ and Bridge Constructor™ games.
2744 | Project: Gorgon is a fantasy MMORPG that allows you to forge your own path through exploration and discovery.
2745 | A visually stunning story about a nymphomaniac who loves her body, sex and adrenaline. All this presented in a photorealistic audiovisual setting.
2746 | Welcome to Paleo Pines, a charming island known for its friendly dinosaurs, quirky townsfolk, and mysterious past. Befriend dinos and enlist their help to fix up your ranch and farm crops to create your cozy dino sanctuary! Then set out with your companion, Lucky, to uncover the island’s secrets.
2747 | Garrett, the Master Thief, steps out of the shadows into the City. In this treacherous place, where the Baron’s Watch spreads a rising tide of fear and oppression, his skills are the only things he can trust. Even the most cautious citizens and their best-guarded possessions are not safe from his reach.
2748 | Design! Control! Ride! Virtual Rides III is here! Set foot in an even bigger, more colorful, and more impressive fairground than ever before! Let your imagination be your guide! Design, control, and ride more than 15 unique attractions!
2749 | Hunt squirrels, staple them to a corpse, and meet god.
2750 | SteamWorld Build is a casual city-building and dungeon-management cross-over set in the SteamWorld Universe, where you build and manage a town on a dying planet. You'll need to balance resources, construction, and exploration to its depths to ensure your town's survival and eventual escape.
2751 | Children of Morta is a story-driven action RPG game about an extraordinary family of heroes. Lead the Bergsons, with all their flaws and virtues, against the forthcoming Corruption. Will you be able to sacrifice everything to save the ones you care for?
2752 | You arrive at Mars Site-113, a decaying monument to the SCP Foundation's ambition—and its failures. Once the most secure facility, now a cradle of horrors calling you to uncover its secrets. Face relentless anomalies, humanity's darkest truths, and a mission that demands survival above all else.
2753 | An intense single-player FPS featuring a stylish movement system, completely destructible levels, and an acclaimed OST.
2754 | Take over the control of one of the mighty nations during the times of World War 2 in this persisting long-term strategy game. Conquer provinces, forge alliances and build up your economy in real-time. Research top secret weapons of World War 2 and become the one true superpower!
2755 | This is the story of your life. Experience the entire journey from toddler to adulthood. Go to schools, learn new things, meet new friends, and have wild adventures! Every choice you make will influence your future career, and decide who your romantic partner will be. Who will you become?
2756 | Return to Derceto Manor in this reimagination of Alone in the Dark, a love letter to the 90’s cult classic horror game.
2757 | World War Armies is the ultimate PvP real-time strategy game. Command advanced war machines and compete for free against other players worldwide. Revolutionary mechanics reduce downtime and focus on direct engagement with the enemy, you get to the fun parts of RTS faster.
2758 | A new adventure for Shiren and Koppa begins!
2759 | An easygoing sandbox game about building towns for cute vegetable folks. Create your perfect community then watch as the gourdlets make themselves at home. No objectives, no points, just good vibes. Play in full screen, or let your gourdlets hang out at the bottom of your screen!
2760 | Nine participants awaken, trapped in an underground facility. To escape, they must play a game with deadly consequences. Who will live, and who will die? The choice is yours. Let the Decision Game begin…
2761 | Kei, a retired magical girl, resumes her duties to defeat powerful villains while balancing her college life. Through streaming, she gains strength and investigates the villains' mysteries. The game features exploration, part-time jobs, and a unique combat system influenced by viewer interactions.
2762 | Enjoy deep character growth and co-op boss battles in this JRPG.
2763 | An immersive story-driven shooter incorporating the cutting edge of VR gameplay, Vertigo Remastered is a complete overhaul and occasional reimagining of the 2016 original.
"2764 | In order to save their school after it turns into a massive demonic castle, two ""Demon Hunter"" sisters slash and shoot their way through this 2D action adventure. Players can swap between control of both characters on the fly, each with entirely different skillsets."
2765 | The taming of the Red Planet has begun! Corporations are competing to transform Mars into a habitable planet by spending vast resources and using innovative technology to raise temperature, create a breathable atmosphere, and make oceans of water.
2766 | Welcome to Kindergarten! Have fun trying to learn and share...and not die. That's important too. In a school that's just not quite right, it's important to be friendly...and take out those that aren't.
2767 | Build your Deck from over 10,000 cards and take on the most iconic Duelists from the Yu-Gi-Oh! universe. Relive the stories from the original Yu-Gi-Oh! animated series through Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS!
2768 | Film and produce 1999's hottest reality TV show: The Crush House! Select a crush-worthy cast, satisfy voracious audiences and keep the show on air to uncover the sinister secrets behind this darkly comic thirst-person shooter.
2769 | A Visual Novel with a twist - improve skills, charm girls, and learn dangerous secrets... by any means necessary.
2770 | Explore the galaxy in this deckbuilding, sci-fi roguelike where ship upgrades and crew management are key to your survival. Optimize resource generation, engage in intense turn-based battles, and take on ever-growing threats as you seek out The Signal.
2771 | Purge the undead! Intense action-shooter with deep rpg elements, including upgradeable guns and armor, unique class skills, and class special abilities. Entire game can be played single player or as a 4-player online co-op game, including PvP events like Last Man Standing.
2772 | PARANOIA PLACE is a 1-3 player online co-op survival horror game. Together or alone, you will need to solve puzzles, find items and run from the bloodthirsty demonic killer.
2773 | Manage profits, pick up gum, do the laundry and get coin to unlock arcade units and flip the family laundromat business to become an Arcade Paradise!
2774 | One Hunter, and up to four more friends disguised as deer, in this thrilling game of hide-and-seek where every move could be the last. Will you blend in with the herd or stand out? Oh Deer...
2775 | As the newest ranger of a peacekeeping organization known as SEED, protect your community by rounding up rowdy monsters and going on special missions. Cultivate your farm and friendships alike while unravelling rune-related mysteries!
2776 | You’re a hot futa girl trying to settle old scores - you’ll have to navigate the enigmatic city to fight and bang hot vampires, find their queen and investigate the disappearance of your friend in the gritty, cyberpunk-themed visual novel packed with RPG combat elements - Sex & Blood: Vampires!
2777 | Enter the fractured psyche of Bruce Wayne and discover the powerful and far-reaching consequences of your choices as the Dark Knight.
2778 | SONIC AND SEGA ALL-STARS RACE FOR VICTORY IN A HIGH SPEED HIGH SKILL RACETRACK SHOWDOWN! TAKE TO THE TRACK BY CAR, MONSTER TRUCK, BIKE AND EVEN AEROPLANE IN SONIC & SEGA ALL-STARS RACING. Explore stunning new circuits including Sonic Seaside Hill, Curien Mansion and Blizzard Castle as you zip around medieval castle ramparts, hurtle...
2779 | Uncover secrets of past lives in this story-rich, tactical roleplaying game set in Sigil, a dark fantasy city at the heart of the Dungeons & Dragons multiverse. Explore the planes, survive combat alongside a party of bizarre companions, and solve puzzles unlike any ever seen in the genre.
2780 | Victory At Sea Atlantic transports you to the cold, unforgiving waters of the Atlantic Theatre in WWII. With a vast array of ships, planes, and subs, engage in epic sea battles & secure your place in history. Victory At Sea Atlantic is the ultimate naval warfare experience.
2781 | Get ready for the ultimate brawl! Dungeon Fighter Online is a classic beat-em up 2D action game with an epic storyline and RPG elements! Choose from 17 diverse classes, and unravel ancient mysteries as you punch, slash, shoot, or summon your way to victory!
2782 | Journey to Incrementalia is an active incremental auto-battler about a necromancer on a short quest. Cast diabolical spells, summon an army and open the gates of hell on your quest to break down 99 walls and reach the lost city of Incrementalia.
2783 | Scorn is an atmospheric first-person horror adventure game set in a nightmarish universe of odd forms and somber tapestry.
2784 | Be immersed in the world of the Goddess. There's no way out and molding you into the perfect submissive plaything is her greatest desire. Will you succumb to the trials of her Mistresses or resist letting go? Choose your own path. You will be judged.
2785 | Touhou Hero of Ice Fairy is an indie game developed by GAMEPULSE.Step into the shoes of Cirno, the Hero of Ice, as she embarks on a journey against evil, liberating Gensokyo and saving her dear princess.
2786 | Take your opportunity as a real Rally Mechanic. Overcome all the obstacles that the reckless racers throw at you - including unrepairable parts, time limitations and more. Take good care of your rally cars so that on the next special they will perform as good as if they came out of the factory.
2787 | Rogue Tower is a tower defense game with roguelike elements and a continuously expanding path which you can influence. Unlock, build, upgrade, expand, defend.
2788 | Experience a love story full of ups and downs together with an introverted, plain-looking cutie working part-time at your ramen shop.♥
2789 | MechWarrior Online™ Legends is a tactical, 'Mech-based online shooter set in the vast BattleTech Universe. Assume the role of an elite MechWarrior, piloting powerful BattleMechs, fighting for supremacy over the Inner Sphere.
2790 | Delve into the enthralling world of Pocket Mirror ~ GoldenerTraum, the acclaimed RPG Maker gothic horror game that'll take you on a moving journey of self-discovery.
2791 | Command mighty Witcher-world heroes in epic online PvP card battles!
2792 | THE GAME OF LIFE showcases a beautifully rendered digital game board, cards and spinner that capture the fun of the Classic game full of adventure & surprises! THE GAME OF LIFE will take players on a journey where fortunes can be won…and lost!
2793 | APICO is a laid-back beekeeping sim game about breeding, collecting, & conserving bees! Set in a series of lush environments, APICO uniquely combines resource gathering, biology, and beekeeping minigames, taking ideas from a mix of real-life and fantasy apiculture & floriculture.
2794 | Load your weapons and experience a whole new dimension in destructive turn-based cartoon action!
2795 | Entropy Survivors is a bullet hell roguelike where you simultaneously control a powerful mech and a sharpshooting space frog, featuring outrageously creative abilities and powerful weapon customization. Save the universe in single player or 2-4 player online co-op!
2796 | Bare Witness is an adult visual novel set at the fictional Plattsburgh College of the Arts in New York. With lots of potential branching paths and 11 primary endings, you may find yourself returning again and again to pursue one or more of the six love interests that catch your eye.
2797 | Rise up in a search for immortality in this strategy sim and management game based on Chinese mythology. Rebuild your sect and train new disciples through the path of cultivation. Research magic and gather mystical artifacts, face ancient dangers and other sects in your path to spiritual ascension.
2798 | Travel the world as a cute cardboard cloud and ruin everybody's day! Unlock new methods of mischief in over 50 levels, each with unique setting and objectives. This is an adorable schadenfreude simulator!
2799 | Step into the world of Terrazael and lead soon-to-be legendary heroes in a quest to restore a land fractured by broken oaths, reckless wars, and untamed magic. Fight back in turn-based battles, manage character relationships, collect dangerous artifacts, and hopefully restore the world...
2800 | R-Type and R-Type II, the legendary coin-op space shooters, are now together on Steam!
2801 | War for the Overworld is an unholy union of Dungeon Management and Strategy that rewards all those villainous thoughts you’ve been having. Craft your own perilous dungeon and defend it against pesky heroes who keep exploring it and taking your stuff.
2802 | The Settlers®: New Allies is a strategy game with an in-depth build-up experience and real-time strategic battles.
2803 | Fuel your coffee passion in Coffee Caravan! As a cafe manager, brew, experiment with delicious recipes, and build your dream coffee business on wheels. Serve customers, unlock new flavors, purchase appliances, and enjoy your procedurally generated road trip in this roguelite experience.
2804 | ~Enjoy H with beautiful maid girls while managing a coffee shop~ Earn money at the coffee shop, hire numerous attractive and beautiful girls, and indulge in a blissful harem life. This is an erotic management simulation game.
2805 | Venba is a short narrative cooking game, where you play as an Indian mom who immigrates to Canada with her family in the 1980s. Cook various dishes and restore lost recipes, hold branching conversations, and explore South Indian food in this story about family, love, and loss.
2806 | Reaping souls of the dead and punching a clock might get monotonous but it's honest work for a Crow. The job gets lively when your assigned soul is stolen and you must track down a desperate thief to a realm untouched by death - where creatures grow far past their expiry.
2807 | A fast turn-based strategy RPG with real-time combat. Develop your cities and armies, level up your heroes to gain new, powerful spells and skills, and explore the wonders and dangers of the procedurally generated maps as you aim to conquer your enemies before they do the same to you.
2808 | Build and power up the ultimate version of your favourite DC legends in INJUSTICE 2. This is your Legend. Your Journey. Your Injustice.
2809 | The acclaimed bridge-building indie-hit is back! More levels, more features, more physics fun!
2810 | Driving realistically in a real city for the first time - driving fun & training with CityDriver! ViewApp's newest simulation offers you the opportunity to explore the streets of Munich with various cars.
2811 | Experience the newest tactical RPG from the creators of Girls’ Frontline. Some 30 years in the future, AU agent Mendo and the mysterious girl Jefuty find themselves in gruesome battles against armed URNC forces…
2812 | Explore the entangled lives of two families across thirty years in an original interactive drama from INTERIOR/NIGHT. Starting in 1998 with a robbery-gone-wrong, the character's lives depend on the choices you make.
2813 | Classic survival horror is back! Inspired by the original Resident Evil and Alone in the Dark series, Tormented Souls modernises with a fresh twist on the fixed perspective adventure - as Caroline Walker investigates the mysterious disappearance of twin girls in a terrifying mansion-turned-hospital.
2814 | Incremental clicker strategy, where you expand, construct, research, fight, collect heroes and make choices between good and evil. Ascend through difficulty tiers by playing through challenge campaign going back and forth through history. Mammoths included.
2815 | During the First World War, a lone French soldier must navigate twisted trenches, scavenge for limited supplies and solve complex puzzles - all whilst fighting for survival in the midst of mankind’s most brutal and horrifying conflict. CONSCRIPT is a new take on classic survival horror.
2816 | Inspired by the 1983 cult classic film, Wargames, DEFCON superbly evokes the tension, paranoia and suspicion of the Cold War era, playing on the fascinating aspects of psychological gameplay that occur during strategic nuclear warfare.
2817 | KLONOA is a 3D side-scrolling action game series whose first title was released by Namco in 1997. Set in a unique universe populated by a range of original characters, the game follows the hero, Klonoa, as he sets off on a journey to save the world.
2818 | Build, Battle and Brawl your way out of trouble! Play through all three classic Indiana Jones™ movies and relive your favorite Indy adventures in the tongue-in-cheek worlds of LEGO®. Explore and Discover - Battle enemies, solve puzzles, and seek out the world's greatest treasures.
2819 | With its unprecedented combination of authenticity, compelling story and squad-based action, the Brothers in Arms franchise has established itself as a benchmark for military action games, receiving the highest average review scores of any console WWII game to date (www.gamerankings.com).
2820 | A turn-based dungeon crawler where your only way of attacking the enemy is by rolling dice. Roll dice to damage enemy cards to FOLD. Inspired by classic Solitaire, in a top-down table and enemies made out of cards, try to beat the dungeon with 35 unique classes. Build your deck, kill monsters.
2821 | Welcome to Cozy Grove, a game about camping on a haunted, ever-changing island. As a Spirit Scout, you'll wander the island's forest each day, finding new hidden secrets and helping soothe the local ghosts. With a little time and a lot of crafting, you'll bring color and joy back to Cozy Grove!
2822 | Explore the depths of this massive dungeon with your adorable companion Una in this exciting R-18 deck-building adventure!
2823 | Game about the difficult work of people that manage emergency lines and services. Answer incoming calls and react properly - give first aid instructions, advise, dispatch correct number of firemen / police / ambulances, or sometimes - just ignore the call. Play on ANY CITY in the world!
2824 | The renowned Mega Man Battle Network series is back! Vol. 1 contains Mega Man Battle Network 1-3, including both versions of Mega Man Battle Network 3 for a total of four titles, plus additional features like a gallery of illustrations and music! In addition, online play is supported!
2825 | The classic Gauntlet 4-player co-op action gameplay returns in a completely new experience! Battle the endless hordes of foes as you and your friends fight for treasure and glory via both local and online co-op multiplayer. Invade the Darkness!
2826 | Onigiri is an MMO Action RPG with a fast weapon changing battle system. Join a party of other players or travel with 8 NPC companions on your journey. With simple controls, you can dive into the thrilling world of Onigiri. Switch between weapons to battle through the Youkai.
2827 | Keep your trigger finger on the pulse! In rhythm shooter ROBOBEAT, you'll play as Ace - a bounty hunter on a mission to capture robot-gone-rogue Frazzer in his ever-shifting lair. Wall run, slide, and shoot to your own beat using the in-game custom music editor, blasting through Frazzer's armies!
"2828 | The new modes and replay elements of ""Xtreme Legends"", even including downloadable content, have been packed into the thrilling one vs. one-thousand action game ""DYNASTY WARRIORS 7"", comprising a massive single title that is available now for a reasonable price!"
2829 | Survive to escape the horrors of Callisto and uncover the dark secrets of Jupiter’s dead moon.
2830 | Embark on an emotional first-person narrative adventure where you control the story—and affect its outcomes—with your real-life blinks. With this innovative technique you will fully immerse yourself in a world of memories, both joyous and heartbreaking, as your whole life flashes before your eyes.
2831 | Driveloop is a fast-paced driving roguelike shooter. Drift, blast and ram your way through waves of steampunk enemies. Upgrade your vehicle with powerful weapons, recruit unique crew members and survive intense battles as you build the ultimate combat machine. Can you survive the chaos?
2832 | Finding Frankie invites YOU to a true experience of terror as you compete in a terrifyingly twisted parkour show. Stealthily navigate around horrifying characters and swing through challenging parkour courses. This is one game show you won’t want to miss!
2833 | The Outer Worlds: Spacer’s Choice Edition is the ultimate way to play the award-winning RPG from Obsidian Entertainment and Private Division. Including the base game and all DLC, this remastered masterpiece is the absolute best version of The Outer Worlds.
2834 | Welcome to Magic Research 2, an incremental RPG from the creator of Magic Research. Learn countless spells, face powerful foes, and command a team of Wizards who can cast spells for you as you journey to find or create the Philosopher's Stone.
2835 | Hot Therapy is a sex game where you design the beautiful women of your dreams, invite them to your office, heal them and having exciting moments with them. Enjoy being a strong and charming therapist!
2836 | Each person you aid, each flower you crush, and each creature you slay will change this world forever. Fable: Who will you be?
2837 | The Red Strings Club is a cyberpunk narrative experience about fate and happiness featuring the extensive use of pottery, bartending and impersonating people on the phone to take down a corporate conspiracy.
2838 | A sequel to Milk inside a bag of milk inside a bag of milk. Dive into demented and bizarre world once again and help the girl become a little happier.
2839 | Battle Teams 2 is a fast-paced multiplayer tactical shooter with Asian aesthetics. PvP offers action-packed game modes set in a rigorously balanced competitive gameplay environment. Cooperative PvE gameplay throws you and your friends into wave after wave of merciless adversaries.
2840 | In Tomba! Special Edition, leap, bite, and throw your way across stunning 2.5D landscapes in this vastly-enhanced update to a platforming classic!
2841 | A colorful cast of pixel-art Umamusume are all in line and ready to compete in the Slapdash Grand Prix, a school festival featuring four zany events! Which team will run, shoot, and eat their way to gold and glory?
2842 | The world is changing and Tropico is moving with the times - geographical powers rise and fall and the world market is dominated by new players with new demands and offers - and you, as El Presidente, face a whole new set of challenges.
2843 | Defeat the Demon King and find your next adventure in an office with goddess-like colleagues. You, as a rookie hero with magical powers, connect with captivating stars like Saika Kawakita, Ai Uehara, and Yui Mihama.
2844 | A living world full of surprises, secrets and danger awaits in The Survivalists, an adventure-filled survival sandbox set in The Escapists universe. Explore, build, craft and even train monkeys with up to three friends in a desperate bid to survive. Have you got what it takes to be a Survivalist?
2845 | Explore the beautiful archipelago of Skiir; Sail its open seas, roam its deep woods, and sexplore its exotic species. Hunt and Snare to your heart's content.
2846 | The unstoppable alien force known as The Creeper has returned, devouring thousands of worlds in its path, and yours is next. Battle against the Creeper fluid in a groundbreaking pixel-level simulation to prove that humanity will rule the galaxy forever!
2847 | Explore the Final Frontier in the ultimate sci-fi strategy RPG, Star Trek Timelines! Join Starfleet and overcome challenges as you boldly go where no game has gone before – across the entire history of Star Trek.
2848 | Travel to the Holy Land with the First Crusades. Rise from a humble knight to the founding father of a world-spanning holy order. Lead through war, faith, diplomacy, and cunning schemes. Experience a unique blend of RTS, city-building, and sandbox gameplay, and shape history!
2849 | Experience the magical universe of Rayman with legendary 2D gameplay that has captured the hearts of millions of fans!
2850 | Plan and build a modern, scientifically managed zoo to support conservation projects in an acclaimed strategy board game.
2851 | Wolfenstein®: The Old Blood™ is a standalone prequel to the critically acclaimed first-person action-adventure shooter, Wolfenstein®: The New Order. This adventure spans eight chapters and features the hallmarks of MachineGames – thrilling action, immersive story, and intense FPS combat.
2852 | Idle Clans is a multiplayer idle game that combines the classic MMORPG experience with simplified gameplay and less time commitment. Features include a player-driven economy, PvE, trading, quests, crafting and opportunities to play, socialize and collaborate with other players.
2853 | Every activity in Puzzle Pirates is a uniquely fun puzzle: be it sailing, gunning, or hauling treasure, your own puzzling skill determines your success!
2854 | E-sports Godfather is a Deck-building game simulating MOBA e-sports. You will play a role as team coach and build your team. You need to train players and make strategies in various game versions, beat other teams and finally, take the Champion of the World. Be nobody, or lead your team to dominate!
2855 | Project Highrise is a skyscraper construction and management sim...
2856 | Stargate: Timekeepers is a real-time tactics game where you lead a team of specialists through a story-driven campaign set in the SG-1 universe. Sneak your characters behind enemy lines, use their unique skills, craft the perfect plan to unravel a timeloop mystery, and defeat the Goa’uld threat.
2857 | Amnesia: The Dark Descent, a first person survival horror. A game about immersion, discovery and living through a nightmare. An experience that will chill you to the core.
2858 | Enter the dark underworld of Prince of Persia Warrior Within, the sword-slashing sequel to the critically acclaimed Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time™. Hunted by Dahaka, an immortal incarnation of Fate seeking divine retribution, the Prince embarks upon a path of both carnage and mystery to defy his preordained death.
2859 | Brassheart is an adventure game set in the alternative 1920s, inspired by dieselpunk and the classics of the genre. In this world, you play as Pola, a spunky pilot. She follows the clues that may provide a way to save her father kidnapped by his own invention, a rebellious supermachine, Valkiria.
2860 | A companion app for the Mansions of Madness Second Edition board game from Fantasy Flight Games. Mansions of Madness is a cooperative game of mystery and investigation inspired by the writings of H. P. Lovecraft. During each game, one to five players explore a location to unravel a mystery.
2861 | Welcome to Midori no Kaori, a relaxing cozy game that allows you to create your own Japanese shop and manage customers. There are no winners or losers here, just unleash your creativity and enjoy a unique experience.
2862 | Time for your toughest mission yet! Recruit and train your crew to tackle the growing threat from alien and android armies as you defend Earth to become a Galactic Legend in Space Crew: Legendary Edition. All new content free to existing owners of Space Crew!
2863 | Battle for survival in the skies of a mysterious future Earth in this unique action-strategy game mixing arcade combat, exploration, management and diplomacy. As giant flying ships wage spectacular aerial warfare, a prophecy tells of one who will save the world – could it be you?
2864 | In Battlestar Galactica Deadlock™ you’ll take command of the Colonial Fleet in defense of the Twelve Colonies during the First Cylon War. Lead many different types of ships in this 3D tactical game. Every decision counts, your strategy will be vital – can you ensure mankind’s survival?
2865 | Develop your own transport network in different regions and cities: open new routes, buy and upgrade new planes, and increase airport capacity!
2866 | The ultimate physics-based, sandbox battle simulator where you can create funny battles between all sorts of ragdoll creatures! You can also make your own monsters with the unit creator or even join the battles yourself in the first-person mode!
2867 | Enter: the ultimate action hero. Pistol Whip is a physical action-rhythm game where film-inspired gunplay and blood-pumping beats collide. Blast, duck and dodge your way through fever dream Scenes, build unique rhythms in a ballet of bullets and claim glory on the leaderboards. Includes mod support!
2868 | OUTLAWED is a crime-themed PvE or PvPvE first-person extraction shooter, set in a modern city overrun by gangs. Enter solo or with a squad to challenge powerful enemies and search for riches, and use everything at your disposal to make it out alive.
2869 | The beloved 1998 RPG Classic, SaGa Frontier, is reborn with improved graphics, additional features, and a new main character!
2870 | Explore endless Universe and create the most efficient constellation of colonies. Build conveyor systems to automate production. Take care of Astronauts and their needs! Establish new colonies as part of intergalactic simulation.
"2871 | DYNASTY WARRIORS 8 Empires is part of the ""Empires"" series, in which you aim to conquer ancient China using both strategy and the one warrior versus one thousand tactical action the WARRIORS series is known for."
2872 | Incredibox is a music game that lets you create your own music with the help of a merry crew of beatboxers.
2873 | COMBINE WEAPONS in the microscopic roguelite turret shooter with macroscopic depth. Survive 6 modes using an astounding array of turrets, perks, mutations and power-ups on this psychedelic journey to the heart of the abyss. Shmup Mode turns it into a vertical shoot 'em up!
2874 | Nebulock is a short bullet-hell game with intense gameplay, where the player must destroy bosses made of blocks, collect resources and upgrade his spaceship.
2875 | Welcome to the zombie apocalypse experience of a lifetime – and now more beautiful than ever. Caught in the midst of an epic zombie outbreak on the tropical island of Banoi, your only thought is: Survive!
2876 | Think in reverse. Outsmart the impossible. A mind-bending first-person adventure where you solve ingenious and complex puzzles by rewinding objects through time.
2877 | Guide two brothers on an epic journey of discovery, loss, adventure and mystery remade for the latest generation of graphics, performance, and gameplay. Play in single-player mode or local co-op with a friend. This is one journey you will never forget.
2878 | A post-apocalyptic, adults only Visual Novel, where you and your choices will shape the future of humanity and those around you. Engage in meaningful relationships with the characters or bring them to depravity.
2879 | Car Manufacture is an automotive tycoon game. Start in the beginning of the XX century and create thriving business. Build cars, manage people, expand your plant and research new technology. Make tons of money and stay on top.
2880 | In the corner of the kingdom, Sigrid, the daughter of the Regent of the kingdom and one of the eight founding fathers of the Ekner family, secretly becomes a gladiator behind the family's back.
2881 | West of Loathing — a slapstick comedy stick-figure wild west adventure role-playing game.
2882 | CONVRGENCE is an atmospheric VR extraction shooter set in the procedurally generated, ever-changing Chernokamensk Anomaly Zone. Scavenge loot, fight bandits and hunt for mystical artifacts — all with your loyal dog companion by your side. But extract before nightfall, or face what lurks in the dark.
2883 | It’s a fight for furvival! Super Animal Royale is a 64-player, frenetic, top-down 2D battle royale where murderous animals fight tooth, claw, and machine gun across an abandoned safari park.
2884 | A former member of the criminal underworld is lured back into “the life” by a mysterious drone claiming they have until sunrise to prevent a citywide criminal takeover together.
2885 | A fantastic, oceanic, open world puzzle adventure. Solve innovative block puzzles while unearthing a mystifying story, gaining new friends that change the puzzle landscape, and unlocking powers that provide more options for how you choose to progress through the enigmatic Isles of Sea and Sky.
2886 | Count Dracula is once more back from the dead... Join the fight against Evil in the Castlevania Advance Collection, a compilation of timeless action-exploration masterpieces!
2887 | Build & Manage Your Airport. An International Hub or a Regional Masterpiece -- it's up to you. Buy more land to scale out, or escalators to scale up with MULTIPLE FLOORS. You're in full control in this modern business management tycoon!
2888 | This game unearths the essence of adventure by combining elements of exploration and puzzle-solving. The game’s appeal lies in its interactive gameplay mechanics, where your choices dictate the progression of the story.
2889 | Welcome to Botany Manor, a stately home in 19th century England. You play as inhabitant Arabella Greene, a retired botanist. Explore your house and gardens, filled with research, to figure out the ideal habitat of forgotten flora. Grow each plant to discover the mysterious qualities they hold…
2890 | Your quintessential construction simulator is here. Take a dodgy loan, restore a property, move in the locals, attend to their grievances, then celebrate with a pint in this fully-simulated, open-world 1980's Britain.
2891 | No Time to Relax is a life simulation game where up to 4 players online or locally compete against each other in the ultimate game of life.
2892 | It's 1986 - Meredith Weiss takes a break from her career in the big city to deliver mail in her hometown. How will she experience two weeks in beautiful Providence Oaks, with its iconic lake and quirky community? And what will she do next? It's up to you.
2893 | This game narrates how the player meets Reika and begins a life together. Before satisfying Reika sexually, she will not agree to date you, even if you already have a physical relationship.
2894 | Immerse yourself in neon, smoke, and high-stakes legal gambles as a Defense Attorney with uniquely Killer insights in this episodic, diabolically stylish visual novel adventure game.
2895 | Quickie: A Love Hotel Story is an erotic management dating-sim where you manage a love hotel and develop romantic relationships in the city of Tokyo.
2896 | Now 20% More Evil with the Free Halloween update!
2897 | How long can you survive on a hostile island as a humble shopkeeper? Live off the land, build a cozy shop, and defend against nightly horrors in this open world survival shop simulator for 1-8 players.
2898 | The jailer is the key, kill him and you’ll be free. Fight your way free in this ultra-responsive, fast-paced sword-fighting and dual-stick shooting game.
2899 | Help mermaid princess Andriella and bang the hottest chicks of Naughty Beach in this unique dating simulator with a fun and addictive puzzle mechanic!
2900 | Your goal is simple, spot anomalies to escape. Play alone or together with up to 8 players in online co-op. Make the right decisions to advance to the next level, or risk being reset to the beginning!
2901 | Rediscover the simple life. Farm, fish, forge and fight to restore the peace in an all-new farming adventure. Features split-screen coop, a helpful pet, automated drones, resourceful pixies, a card-eating progression system, and dangerous dungeons to delve into!
2902 | A talented young man joins Westview Academy, one of the nation's best schools. At Westview Academy, he'll make tough decisions and have unique experiences surrounded by many new friends and different environments. How will your story go?
"2903 | Minene, a somewhat famous streamer. She's emo and has always been talking about wanting to die beautifully. She went to a forest for a ""suicide stream"", but what awaits her was far worse than death - a Ryona Trap Dungeon."
2904 | Join the young king Evan as he sets out on an epic quest to found a new kingdom and, with the help of some new friends, unite his world, saving its people from a terrible evil.
2905 | Build airplanes by snapping parts together, designing wing sections, and attaching engines. At any time, you can strap yourself into the cockpit and see how it flies with realistic physics. If you're not in the mood for building, over 100,000 airplanes are available to download for free.
2906 | Fallout 4, the legendary post-apocalyptic adventure from Bethesda Game Studios and winner of more than 200 ‘Best Of’ awards, including the DICE and BAFTA Game of the Year, comes in its entirety to VR.
2907 | Kiosk is a horror cooking game where you prepare orders for late-night customers who visit your cozy, rain-soaked kiosk. The eerie atmosphere clashes with the mounting tension as you serve your mysterious visitors.
2908 | Commander in the ranks. Soldier at heart. Choose a faction and deploy and command your army into massive physics-driven WWII battles to the last man standing. Destroy everything on sight with an insane amount of units that will behave tactically.
2909 | A neutral family fights for its business - and its survival - and is swept up in the struggle against the encroaching Empire. You must defy the strong-arm tactics of a rival family who will stop at nothing to destroy your trading company.
2910 | The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game from Davey Wreden, the creator of The Stanley Parable. It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand.
2911 | Slice and dice your friends with boomerangs in this frantic physics party game. Join a crew of your favorite foods as you grill, chill and spill your enemies. Discover ridiculous power-ups and stack them together in deadly combinations.
"2912 | Things were worse than ever in Banana Republic, a somber island country. While anarchists roamed the streets, corruption was running deeper due to economic crisis and rising crime rates. Bearing these burdens were ""judges"" who tried to make things right with honesty..."
2913 | STANDBOX is a single-player physics sandbox about bullying a ragdoll. Shoot him, push him, watch him get back up until he doesn't.
"2914 | Wonderful Everyday is a visual novel with multiple routes which develops a story based on a few concepts: ""the sky and the world"", ""the beginning and the end"", ""literature and science"", ""savior and hero"", ""brother and sister""."
2915 | Choose a planet, build your fortress, and prepare for war. Arm yourself with powerful weapons, deploy troops, and defend your stronghold against relentless attacks. In this action-packed block-builder, survival is earned, and only the strongest will remain.
2916 | Build the new future of Europe! Flip, renovate, repair and rebuild places destroyed during World War 2. Get to know the history and stories of civilians. Play an immersive building simulator with grappling storytelling.
2917 | Shadow Empire is a deep turn-based 4X wargame with a unique blend of military focus, procedurally generated content and role-playing features. Players take the seat of the supreme ruler of a small nation, with the goal of reconquering a devastated planet.
2918 | A tentacle training simulator developed specifically for experienced players. Players will control tentacles to fully train the captured adventurer-chan. All animations are rendered in full Live2D, providing immediate feedback based on various actions to satisfy your desires for tentacle training!
2919 | A dark fantasy RPG with an emphasis on creativity instead of combat. With her wit and wiles alone, Claire must flee the horrors of war and try to survive in a harsh new world with danger lurking at every corner.
2920 | LIZARDS MUST DIE 2 is a cooperative slasher action game, a high–quality continuation of the SENSATIONAL first part. Insidious lizards attacked the lands of the Rus again. HYPERBOREA is on fire and only the GLORIOUS HEROES can kick the invaders from their homeland.
2921 | Hidden Deep is an atmospheric sci-fi action game heavily inspired by Aliens, The Thing, and Half-Life. Explore, climb, swim, scan, blast and shoot your way through dangerous missions in a huge sub oceanic mining and research facility. Fear the horrors that lurk below…
2922 | Rubber Bandits is a criminally fun multiplayer party game for up to 4 players. With 8 action-packed game modes, players steal, brawl, and dash to the finish line with the most loot to win!
2923 | Built from scratch, enjoy breathtaking visuals, enhanced audio and improved, deeper gameplay as New 'n' Tasty reignites the original Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee using the latest next-generation technology.
2924 | Honkai Impact 3rd - Ultimate anime action made real! HD cel-shading, infinite combos, explosive feedback... Experience next-gen real-time action! An original tale told across media, immersive stage events, star-studded voice cast... Become part of the legend!
2925 | Determine the destiny of Rome as you conquer foreign lands and navigate political intrigue in this turn-based RPG. Directly fight with your party of Praetorians, guide your legion to victory, and choose your own path in a story where every decision matters. How will you shape the future of Rome?
2926 | A fast run and gun horror shooter with roguelike elements
2927 | Age of History II is a grand strategy wargame that is simple to learn yet hard to master.Your objective is to use military tactics and cunning diplomacy to either unify the world, or conquer it.Will the world bleed out or bow before you? The choice is yours..
2928 | Shadows over Loathing — a slapstick-figure comedy adventure-RPG full of mobsters, monsters, and mysteries.
2929 | Two Engines. One Champion. No Limits.
2930 | NoLimits 2 is the ultimate roller coaster simulation that lets you experience authentic roller coaster thrills. Climb into the world's most famous roller coasters and experience the excitement in real time. Or design a new roller coaster that is engineered to your specifications.
2931 | Every why has a wherefore. You are trapped, and you must escape. But is that really the goal? Centum is an unreliable narrative-driven adventure where everything may be a lie.
2932 | Control a car full of jerks as they explore cities, recruit weird people, rescue dogs, argue with each other, and face gigantic swarms of slow zombies. Randomly generated for a new story and rare events every time you play!
2933 | Parkasaurus is a dinosaur tycoon management simulation where you take care of your dinosaurs by constructing well-designed exhibits, researching specialized technologies, and maximizing profits to expand into the ultimate dinosaur theme park. Do you favor development for guests or your dinosaurs?
2934 | GP Bikes is a realistic motorcycle simulator, based on a scratch built physics engine that accurately simulates motorcycle dynamics and setup options.
2935 | The fastest racing game in the universe. Redout 2 is a tribute to classic arcade racing games and the sequel to the critically acclaimed Redout. Reach impossible speeds in exhilarating futuristic races across an extensive single-player campaign and competitive multiplayer.
2936 | Welcome to Murderer’s Island. Your companions: four dead-sexy Killers who, underneath their murderous exteriors, just want a little romance. Flirt your way into their hearts, uncovering dark twists along the way. Will you find true love, forge friendships… or get hacked to death?
2937 | The Steam Engine Simulator shown on AngeTheGreat's YouTube channel.
2938 | Fight, sneak, and hack your way through randomly generated cities. It's like Nuclear Throne meets Deus Ex, mixed with the anarchy of GTA. Rogue-lite meets immersive sim, and goes completely insane.
2939 | A tropical paradise seethes with hidden evil in Far Cry®, a cunningly detailed action shooter that pushes the boundaries of combat to shocking new levels. Freelance mariner Jack Carver is cursing the day he ever came to this island.
2940 | Amidst the scorched sands of ancient Persia, there is a legend spun in an ancient tongue. It speaks of a time borne by blood and ruled by deceit. Drawn to the dark powers of a magic dagger, a young Prince is led to unleash a deadly evil upon a beautiful kingdom.
"2941 | ""Taiwan Love Story ⁵"" is a romantic interactive novel. To write a thesis on love, you meet girls from different parts of Taiwan. As you conduct your academic research, you gradually become captivated by them, leading to a series of sweet, bittersweet, and complex romantic encounters."
2942 | Become the king and fight over Europe in this fresh take on medieval real-time grand strategy. Manage provinces, gather armies, initiate diplomacy, and dabble in espionage. The path is open: become the true Sovereign of your people and bring them to glory.
2943 | Explore over-the-top action and physics-bending motorcycle racing in the latest opus of the Trials franchise. With new tracks in exotic places all over the world and more ways to compete, Trials® Rising is the best one yet.
2944 | Immerse yourself in a relaxing, minimalist and colorful adventure. Flow with Naiad across a mysterious river and interact with its fauna and flora to discover little secrets. Enjoy a wholesome experience with an original and dreamy visual style.
2945 | A thrilling island getaway with the Nakano quintuplets!
2946 | Train sexy girls. Transform them into submissive masochists or cock-craving sluts. Go on sex-filled adventures across a rich fantasy world. Your choices matter. Multiple endings await you.
2947 | Silica blends FPS and RTS in epic, photorealistic battles. Choose to fight on the ground or command from above as humans or aliens. Dive into thrilling multiplayer combat or master strategic command. Are you ready to survive and conquer?
2948 | Follow the grim tale of young Amicia and her little brother Hugo, in a heartrending journey through the darkest hours of history.
2949 | Square Enix and Tri-Ace present the latest title in the Star Ocean RPG series.
2950 | MILFs of Sunville is an adult game about a young guy forced to leave his luxurious life in a big city behind and return to a college in a small town of Sunville. This is a VN, filled with beautiful girls, romance, moral choices mixed with quality graphics and hot close-up animations.
2951 | Morimens is a roguelite card-building game inspired by the Cthulhu mythos, where you craft a versatile and intricate deck tailored to your playstyle. The choice is yours to embark on a climb up treacherous towers or engage in tactical battles. Explore misty maps and uncover the truth of the world.
2952 | Start a new life in the enchanting town of Portia! Restore your Pa's neglected workshop to its former glory by fulfilling commissions, growing crops, raising animals, and befriending the quirky inhabitants of this charming post-apocalyptic land!
2953 | ATOM RPG is a post-apocalyptic indie game, inspired by classic CRPGs: Fallout, Wasteland, Deus Ex, Baldur's Gate and many others.
2954 | Explore the mysterious open world of the Chornobyl Exclusion Zone in this post-apocalyptic action RPG adventure. Shape your non-linear story, develop skills, and work with teammates and factions. Use crafted weaponry in first-person or third-person perspective.
2955 | Build a biometric data harvesting empire from scratch in FACEMINER, the hardcore thriller clicker set in 1999. Classify data, upgrade mining infrastructure, and scale up your A.I. surveillance empire to obscene ends in this creepy narrative-driven incremental management sim with a dystopian twist.
2956 | Forgive Me Father is a dark retro horror FPS set in a comic book style world inspired by the novels of H.P. Lovecraft. As the only one left with full senses, you begin a journey in search of answers and relief. How long can you last?
2957 | The new edition of a classic Living with Temptation contains all expansions, with redesigned gameplay, refreshed visuals, and a lot of new content. Relationship simulator where you may try to stay faithful to your wife, exploring her wild fantasies or... go wild and date other girls behind her back.
2958 | Subside is an immersive aquatic VR experience with multiple areas to explore and lifelike aquatic creatures to interact with. Crafted with unparalleled realism, it aims to replicate the nuances of real-life swimming and diving in shallow waters
2959 | Gomez is a 2D creature living in a 2D world. Or is he? When the existence of a mysterious 3rd dimension is revealed to him, Gomez is sent out on a journey that will take him to the very end of time and space. Use your ability to navigate 3D structures from 4 distinct classic 2D perspectives.
2960 | Manage your workers, stations, machines and create awesome stuff as your little big workshop grows into your dream factory!
2961 | Healed To Death is a single-player Rogue-Lite where you play as the Healer. The gameplay is inspired by healing in MMORPGs. Manage a party, Heal your allies, Explore dungeons and Destroy undead monsters with Healing & Support Spells.
2962 | Man of the House is an adult game, in which you play a young man living in a city full of beautiful women. Experience around 30-40 hours of content, in this sandbox VN, filled with steamy sex scenes, amusing dialogs and some very unexpected plot twists.
2963 | Oddsparks is a blend of automation and real-time strategy for both the die-hard fans of the automation genre and the automation-curious. Explore a strange fantasy world, uncover the mysteries of the past, automate your workshops, and go on adventures with your odd & adorable Sparks!
2964 | Fight fires for fun and profit in this unpredictable and frantic multiplayer game. Team up with friends, take on daily challenges and climb to the top of the corporate firefighting ladder. More than one way to become a hero!
2965 | World of Goo is a multiple award winning physics based puzzle / construction game made entirely by two guys.
2966 | What if you could hear every word spoken at the scene of a crime? “Acoustic Detectives” wanted for testing our new device! Return aurally to crime scenes and use the voices you hear to identify potential suspects and solve the mysteries. What is it that’s connecting these seemingly unrelated cases?
2967 | Embark on a gripping journey in INDUSTRIA, an atmospheric FPS set in Cold War-era East Berlin. Unravel the secrets of a mysterious parallel dimension while searching for a missing colleague. Explore a haunting reality where the truth awaits. Discover the dark past that lies beyond.
2968 | Stake your claim, command your fleets, and wage epic war in space.
2969 | Yao-Guai Hunter is a Wuxia roguelike deck-building game. In a world where Yao-Guai roam free, player battles with various evil beings, collecting cards and learn inner skills. Encountering various adventures in the martial world.
2970 | In iDigging, you’ll balance treasure hunting, home improvement, and the strategy of hiding from curious neighbors and authorities. Upgrade, dig, and create your best life despite all the challenges!
2971 | Hailed as one of the largest, longest and most meticulously detailed turn-based JRPG series of all time, this first chapter in the ongoing Trails saga sets the stage for what's quickly become Ys developer Nihon Falcom's most popular and best-selling franchise in their entire 30+ year history.
2972 | XCOM: Chimera Squad delivers an all-new story and turn-based tactical combat experience in the XCOM universe.
2973 | An online party game of drawing and guessing for up to 16 players with a variety of modes. Bring out the best (or worst) of your drawing and guessing skills!
"2974 | Join the ""Firefly"" task force and unveil the sinister plot behind the exclusion zone in the world of Lost Light. You could either scavenge for supplies or go out with guns blazing and plunder. Survive the brutal domain where danger lurks in every corner!"
2975 | The only pirate adventure that asks the question: What's sharper, your sword or your wit?
2976 | Redout is a tribute to the old racing monsters such as F-Zero, WipeOut, Rollcage, and POD. It is designed to be an uncompromising, fast, tough and satisfying driving experience, soaked in that vertigo that stands at the core of the arcade racing genre.
2977 | Work your way to the top of a cutthroat game studio in this retro roguelike deckbuilder! Crush the Industry features strategic combat with a unique twist and deep replayability.
2978 | The second installment of the Fetish Locator Trilogy is here! Find out what's next for our protagonist as he's thrown into a lewd frenzy with over 20 girls! How will your prior choices ultimately affect things? Test your limits as you seduce and romance your way to the top in Fetish Locator!
2979 | City of Broken Dreamers is a mature adults only cyberpunk visual novel. In the game you will find a choice based visually erotic and exciting adventure.
2980 | Hit the backcountry in Sledders, the snowmobile simulator! Conquer deep powder with realistic physics and compete with friends in multiplayer. Are you skilled enough to reach the peak first? Jump in and prove your sledding skills!
"2981 | This is a dating sim adventure game that takes place in a gentlemen's haven called ""Bunny Garden"". At ""Bunny Garden"", you can enjoy drinking with the adorable staff, and develop relationships. Forget about your daily stress and enjoy to your heart's content. Your choices will shape the narrative."
2982 | Follow the meaning is a surreal point-and-click puzzle adventure. Join detective Paul Trilby as he works to unravel the mysteries of a peculiar town, seemingly ruled by the local Hospital. Over the wall and behind tightly shut gates, a dark secret lies in wait…
2983 | In the third part of the Populous series, you control your shaman and the tribe of her followers in a difficult quest to conquer all 25 planets of a star system and ascend to godhood.
2984 | The DRL Simulator is the premier FPV racing game and simulator. The DRL Sim offers a robust, evolving feature set, including high-intensity drone racing. It packs tracks that DRL's real world pilots compete on, with more added every season. And, it's the only place to fly DRL's exclusive drone, the Racer4!
2985 | Long Story Short is a funny and erotic adult game about a young man who finally decides to explore life beyond his computer screen. Follow him as he retells his experiences to a mysterious girl. Choose what kind of sexual person he will become. A new world of sexual debauchery awaits you.
2986 | Mickey Mouse returns to star in Castle of Illusion, a fantastical reimagining of the Sega Genesis classic.
2987 | Take over the control of one of the mighty nations during the times of World War 1 in the biggest WW1 strategy game of all time. Conquer provinces, forge alliances and build up your economy in real-time on persistent maps. Build experimental weapons of World War 1 and become the one true superpower!
"2988 | This is an action rogue-lite adventure game where you will play different roles with different equipment and blessings.You will constantly challenge powerful enemies and kill bosses. The game comes with a ""Survivors Mode"". One game, double the fun. I hope you like it."
2989 | An immersive pseudo-3D shoot 'em up experience that pushes the limits of pixel art. Push your score higher with the innovative Berserk System: the closer they are, the more points you get!
2990 | 🔥Thirsty for spicy adventures? Hentai Stories is already here! Try our 5 juicy stories with branching paths, match-3 challenges and 27 voiced animated sex-scenes! Unveil the secret desires of the hot college coed, the dominant lady boss, or even your best friend's mom!🔥
2991 | Embark on a quest for identity through time, as you piece together the puzzle of two lives.
2992 | Shadows of the Damned, an action-adventure road trip through hell, has been remastered at last! Get ready for a story about rock, love, and just a little bit of demon slaying.
2993 | Niche - a genetics survival game is a turn-based strategy game combined with simulation and roguelike elements. Shape your own species of animals based on real genetics. Keep your species alive against all odds, such as predators, climate change and spreading sickness.
"2994 | Last Train Outta' Wormtown is a chaotic Sandworm vs. Cowboys showdown. The Worm can only detect players touching the sand, like ""hot lava"" with a giant sandworm twist! Work together, Complete the objectives, and get outta' Wormtown! - Or, play as the Worm and gobble up your friends!"
2995 | Lust Theory is an adult Visual Novel in which you take control of a 20-year-old guy whose life is turned upside down when he finds out the same day is repeating. The game is packed with sex, humor, romance, drama and mystery.
2996 | Spy on strangers through security cameras, invade their privacy and discover their secrets in this digital voyeur simulator. Welcome to the future of The Primate Observation Club. Even in 2099 the rule about messing with your unlucky subjects still remains in this sequel: DO NOT feed the monkeys!
2997 | Become the most successful youtuber on the planet! Create videos, get subscribers, attend events, interact with your fans… and grow your channel. Live a youtuber’s life!
2998 | Garfield, the famous lasagna-loving cat is back to take on Jon, Odie and company in a no-holds-barred racing game!
2999 | An infinitely replayable multiplayer and single-player tower defense. Defend against waves of enemies and destroy the enemy's king before they destroy yours. Legion TD 2 is a one-of-a-kind game of tactics, teamwork, and prediction. Party as 1-8 players.
3000 | Enter The House of Da Vinci, a new must-try 3D puzzle adventure game. Solve mechanical puzzles, discover hidden objects, escape from rooms and dive into the authentic atmosphere of the Renaissance. Use all your wits to find out what's behind your master's disappearance.
3001 | Super Mini Mart is your 100% fresh, 100% chill round-the-corner supermarket sim. Stock, supervise, manage and get to know your colorful clientele-to-be in this sweet, stress-free management game!
3002 | Roll, strategize, and upgrade your way to victory in this accessible and ultra-satisfying, yet captivating roguelike. Will you reach the end before running out of rolls? KEEP MULTIPLYING!!
3003 | Explore abandoned biospheres at the bottom of the ocean, alone or with up to 4 friends.
3004 | Discover the truth about Quern’s past, unfold the mysteries of its present, and be the explorer who shapes its future. Quern introduces reusable puzzle mechanics to the classic genre, making the player think about the game as a whole, and not just as a series of individual challenges.
3005 | Developed by the award-winning id Software, Quake® is the ground-breaking, original dark fantasy first-person shooter that inspires today’s retro-style FPS games. With Quake (Enhanced), experience the authentic, updated, and visually enhanced version of the original.
3006 | A world where your every desire can be shaped, molded, and brought to life. LoveXLust invites you to Create & Control Your Fantasies, giving you the power to design your dreams, explore seductive environments, and indulge in fully interactive intimate encounters—all at your own pace.
3007 | The Assistant is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel that combines adventure, suspense, action and sex. You play as a young man who gets a new job as a personal assistant for a wealthy family. You will meet the family members and see how your entire life changes because of this new job.
3008 | Love & Sex: Second Base is a free roaming dating sim where a geeky guy (hopefully you) gets to be roommate with two very hot people and meet plenty of others in his daily life.
3009 | On the outskirts of town lies a mansion said to house the entrance to a maze overflowing with treasure. Do you wish to discover the magical mysteries hidden inside?
3010 | Explore a dark and sinister Osaka as the Demon Hunter Shin. Battle demons, regain lost skills, and uncover the truth of your forgotten past in this exciting occult-inspired cyberpunk metroidvania.
3011 | For a thousand years, three opposing forces have waged war for what they believe is true. There can be no room for compromise: their way is the only way. Dubbed The Infinite War, this devastating conflict has taken its toll on a once-peaceful galaxy and has only served to deepen the hatred between the factions.
3012 | Dice People is an incremental game about rolling dice, creating a mass of units, smashing enemies, and gathering resources to get upgrades in a big skilltree.
"3013 | Paradise Island, a world outside reality. There’s been a murder that only ""investigation freak"" Lady Love Dies can solve. Gather evidence and interrogate suspects in this open world adventure. You can accuse anyone, but you’ll have to prove your case in trial. It’s up to you to decide who’s guilty."
3014 | Thrive: Heavy Lies the Crown is a complex city builder, where the fate of your kingdom hinges on your every decision. Explore this medieval land alone or with friends, make tough moral choices and conquer your foes in RTS combat. Will you struggle to survive, or find the strength to Thrive?
3015 | KoboldKare is a multiplayer farming simulator, but instead of making produce you're making naked Kobolds! It's an FPS where there is bhopping, surfing, trimping, and also sex.
3016 | Celebrate 20 years of Sonic in an all new adventure that delivers a definitive experience to Sonic fans new and old!
3017 | You are humanity’s last hope to stop the Strogg, a hostile alien race waging war against Earth. Play this military sci-fi FPS, now upgraded for modern platforms with improved visuals, new campaign content, online multiplayer/co-op, and more.
3018 | MY HERO ONE'S JUSTICE 2, the over-the-top follow-up to the smash hit 3D arena fighter MY HERO ONE'S JUSTICE, makes its heroic debut! Make full use of characters' Quirks as you clash head-to-head in epic battles across huge arenas!
3019 | In the entertaining and educational game Zoombinis, players guide the little blue creatures through fun and increasingly challenging puzzles on their way to a new home.
3020 | SUPERHOT is the smash-hit FPS where time moves only when you move. No regenerating health bars. No conveniently placed ammo drops. It's you, alone, outnumbered and outgunned. Snatch weapons from fallen enemies to shoot, slice and dodge through a truly cinematic hurricane of slow-motion bullets.
3021 | “Vaygren: Lustful Temptation” is an erotic visual novel with multiple routes and unlockables. The game features fully animated scenes and stunningly beautiful fantasy women. You’ll be meeting, flirting, frolicking, and fighting alongside these women in a high stakes adventure.
"3022 | ""Murders on Yangtze River"" is an Ace Attorney-like detective game that takes you on a journey through early 20th century China as you solve a series of intriguing cases. Use your logical reasoning and deduction skills to uncover clues, interrogate suspects, and solve the mysteries."
3023 | Lead an unlikely team of commando scientists behind enemy lines to fight Nazis, uncover arcane mysteries, and wield experimental technology to turn the tide of WWII in this real-time tactical stealth adventure.
3024 | A vividly animated action roguelite focused on boss hunting. Unleash an array of diverse weapons and powerups to combat the corruption of the Void.
3025 | The Escape: Together is a 1-3 player Online CO-OP escape horror. The paranormal creature has taken over the house. You must use everything you find to survive and make your runaway.
3026 | Explore a world built from the luscious landscapes, turbulent townscapes and preposterous portraits of real Renaissance paintings. Death of the Reprobate is a Rabelaisian adventure game from the creator of Four Last Things and The Procession to Calvary.
3027 | Temtem is an online creature-collection adventure. Tame 165 unique creatures across 7 vibrant islands, battle other tamers, tackle mythical Lairs, chase Luma & Umbra variants, and breed your favorite Tems - with friends by your side! Dive into a colorful monster catching adventure, so Temtem up!
3028 | Play 8-Ball, 9-Ball, Snooker, Billiards, Pub Pool, 27 games total! “So realistic it will make your real life pool game better!”Two career play modes, trick shots, video tutorials, multi-player online. Virtual Pool 4 is the most comprehensive cue sport game ever!
3029 | Feel like the star of a martial arts film in Overgrowth, as you jump, kick, throw, and slash your way to victory. Free the rabbits from their evil overlords in the main story, then play through the prequel story, and finally, try out nine years of mods developed by the community, or create your own!
3030 | Classy adult visual novel. You play the role of a skilled young man who is commissioned to build a memorial in a village in the far north. Soon you discover that your real task is quite different: In order to save the village from extinction, you must make all the women there pregnant.
3031 | Burgle your way to adventure in the award-winning board game!
"3032 | Scythe transports you to an alternate reality in 1920s Europa, one ravaged by the First World War. Take up the role of leader by assuming command of one of 5 factions, and set out to conquer the coveted ""Factory"". Lead your mechs to war and your people to victory!"
3033 | The River City Girls are back! Misako, Kyoko, Kunio, and Riki - joined by newcomers Marian and Provie - hit the streets for an all-new beat-'em-up adventure! Team up for local or online co-op and explore a massive world packed with new abilities, enemies, locations, and more!
3034 | Hunted by the seemingly unstoppable Axeman and facing off against the Tower’s latest push for total dominance, discover what connects these new threats together before it’s too late. New faces, places, weapons and gear all await you on your journey to a final showdown for the city's fate.
3035 | Put the ‘love’ in 'Lovecraftian horror!' Avoid the fanatical cultists and survive dangerous rituals to escape the Black Woods with your life in this 90’s anime inspired visual novel!
3036 | Embark on a perilous journey across a realm forsaken by the gods and devastated by an arcane cataclysm. Accompanied by a hardy crew, you must trade, fight, and explore your way to success as the leader of a traveling company in Vagrus, an award-winning turn-based post-apocalyptic fantasy RPG.
3037 | Baldur's Gate and Dark Souls had a baby! A thrilling RPG game that blends real-time action with an isometric view, set in a world of magic and monsters. Players must navigate through dangerous dungeons, battle fierce bosses, and uncover ancient secrets to save Plamen from an impending doom!
3038 | Lost Eidolons is a turn-based tactical RPG with a gripping cinematic narrative, set in a waning empire riven by civil war. Take on the role of a charming mercenary captain, Eden, and lead his band of allies through epic encounters on a classic turn-based battlefield.
3039 | Take Your Creature From Zero To Galactic HeroGet out of your starship and turn your Spore creatures into legendary Space Captains. For the first time, beam down with your allies to take on action-packed, planetside adventures. Complete quests, collect rewards, and even create your own missions.
3040 | Fall in love with the lab members all over again in this sweet and slapstick romantic comedy!
3041 | Chess, but you replace your entire army with a royal shotgun. A unique strategy roguelike based on the timeless checkboard classic.
3042 | Craft The World is a unique sandbox strategy game, the mix of Dungeon Keeper, Terraria and Dwarf Fortress.Explore a random generated world populated by dangerous creatures, build a dwarf fortress, gather resources, and craft all the items, weapons, and armor you need.
3043 | Recruit a party of unique heroes, fight deadly encounters, loot and craft powerful gear, discover and create thousands of synergetic builds! The Last Flame is an endless roguelike auto-battler in which you guide a righteous party of heroes through many challenges.
3044 | Old school TBS, post-apoc survival and RPG. Recruit deranged locals in your militia, ally local factions and fight those you hate. Haul loot back and rebuild your shelter, doctor your wounds, and fix your guns. People need feeding, booze needs brewing and there is an end of the world to enjoy.
3045 | Farming, logging, fishing, farm role-playing games to help widows and wives improve their lives
3046 | Slay waves of spooky enemies for 20 nights to survive 'The Demonic Conveyor Belt'. Talented is an arcade roguelite with randomly generated skill trees. Choose your upgrades and abilities wisely and you might just make it out alive. Are you truly Talented?
3047 | With a perfect balance of relaxing gameplay, engaging strategy and naughty fun, King of Kinks is a fun 5v5 squad RPG that is sure to become you newest guilty pleasure. Gather your harem and fight for the throne!
3048 | Welcome to medieval high-freedom sandbox adventure CRPG!You'll be a reforger in freelands chosen by the Goddess to embark on medieval adventure tour at your own pace, gathering teammates, seeking survival, and craft your unique legend!
3049 | ATOM RPG: Trudograd is a turn-based post-apocalyptic roleplaying game, which continues the story of ATOM RPG as a stand-alone sequel/expansion, and follows the traditions set by classic cRPGs such as the early Fallout and Wasteland titles.
3050 | Blood Bowl 2 smashes Warhammer and American football together, in an explosive cocktail of turn-based strategy, humour and brutality, adapted from Games Workshop’s famous boardgame.
3051 | On a deadly road trip into darkness, control the path of a single bullet and unleash a fury of vengeance on the sinister cult that ruined your life in this tactical puzzle-shooter.
3052 | Dreams of Desire: Definitive Edition is an Adult Visual Novel about power, corruption and mystery where your choices really matter until the very end. What you will find is steaming hot sex with a variety of stunning women, loveable characters, multiple endings and an intriguing story.
3053 | Build the adventure from Privet Drive to the Triwizard Tournament and experience the magic of the first four Harry Potter stories – LEGO style! Explore Hogwarts™ School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, learn spells, brew potions and relive the adventures like never before with tongue-in-cheek humor and creative customization that is unique to...
"3054 | In the simulation game series ""Nobunaga's Ambition"", players aim to unify Japan in the troubled times of the Warring States era. In this release we include ""Officer Play"" for the first time in the series, allowing players to advance from retainer to Castle Lord and then on to Daimyo."
3055 | Call of the Sea is an otherworldly tale of mystery and love set in the 1930s South Pacific. Explore a lush island paradise, solve puzzles and unlock secrets in the hunt for your husband’s missing expedition.
3056 | Rediscover the joy of the original Backyard Baseball 1997, now updated for modern systems! Build your roster from among the iconic Backyard Kids, aim for those home runs, and various game modes. Relive the magic of this classic baseball game!
"3057 | You, the ""sole male student"" at a women's university, are about to embark on a sweet and laughter-filled campus love journey from a first-person perspective! How will you resist the temptations of the beauties and create your own legend in this girls' school?"
3058 | Teamwork and betrayal in space! In this PC & VR party game, Crewmates work together to complete tasks before one or more Impostors kill everyone aboard. Experience all of the same deception and deceit as the original Among Us, but now in all three dimensions.
3059 | Receiver 2 simulates every internal part of each firearm based on manufacturer schematics and gunsmithing resources. Learn exactly how each sidearm works, including how to load and unload them, clear malfunctions, and operate their safety features.
3060 | An simulation game about reuniting with your childhood friend,and spending your summer vacation having her.
3061 | Living with a mysterious invader from outer space... who controls horrifying kaijus! (but she's pretty lazy)
3062 | The world has been thrown into chaos, and it's up to you and your friends to battle the corrupted beasts of the Rotwood. Upgrade your gear, choose your preferred weapon, and hone your skills to defend your safe haven.
3063 | Becastled is about building and defending your castle from sieges in a fantasy world!
3064 | SYNTHETIK is an unforgiving tactical shooter rogue-lite where freedom and experimentation is key. Fight in a world overrun by the Machine Legion and their Gods. Experience the next level in gun-play and dive into unparalleled build options and Android upgrades. Can you defeat the Heart of Armageddon?
3065 | Run your own restaurant. Create your menu, hire staff, decorate the place, take orders, serve guests, and grow your business. Food critics, online orders, events, and kitchen chaos are on the menu!
3066 | Physics-Based Medieval Trading & Transport Simulator. Start as a Worthless Merchant and work your way up as you carefully handle and transport your goods through a stylized Medieval World!
3067 | Enjoy a new Re:ZERO storyline, fully supervised by the series author Tappei Nagatsuki! Featuring brand new characters designed by the original artist Shinichirou Otsuka as well as your favorites from the series!
3068 | GUARDS! is a 1-4 player coop fantasy FPS that puts you in the underfunded and over-zealous steel boots of the City Watch. Kick down doors, bust criminals and cause excessive property damage as you fight to restore law and order to the corrupt city of New Alestead.
3069 | Welcome to VHR! Unlock the secrets of speed in this turbocharged neo super scaler arcade racing experience. Dominate the track & drift your way to the finish line on the road to becoming the VHRC champion.
3070 | The Double Dragon brothers return in this fresh addition to the iconic franchise. With roguelite elements, every playthrough is a chance at new action. Tag in with 2 of 4 starter characters or unlock 12 additional characters, each with their own special moves and playstyles. Online & Local Co-op.
3071 | Let the music move you in Synth Riders, a dance-action VR rhythm game with custom song support and a thriving multiplayer community!
3072 | As an employee of a mysterious organization your job is to monitor live surveillance camera footage and spot anomalies using your sharp eyes and good memory. Can you survive the entire night shift or will you succumb into paranoia?
3073 | An erotic point-and-click adventure game blending paranormal fantasy with military intrigue. Woo your squadmates, collect clues, and uncover the secrets of the Peach Hills Division!
3074 | Commercial fishing in North Atlantic! Discover majestic world of Canadian Nova Scotia while admiring the vast diversity of ocean life. Search for the ocean gold with upgradable fishing boats and various fishing gear as you progress in your fisherman career.
3075 | Destroy... Absorb... Grow... GRIME is a fast and unforgiving Action-Adventure RPG in which you crush your foes with living weapons that mutate form and function, and then consume their remains with a black hole to strengthen your vessel as you break apart a world of anatomical horror and intrigue.
3076 | Train, fight, and rise to the top in this knockout sequel to the smashing fighter management simulator! Mentor your fighter and guide him to become the ultimate champion: choose from different combat styles, control his routine, and watch him kick some butt like a proud sensei!
3077 | As the kingdom's most promising pioneer, embark on a legendary journey to tame the frontier! Build thriving towns across various landscapes, fending off waves of diverse enemies until you establish a firm foothold and have explored everything the eye can see!
3078 | Mini Airways is a real-time management game where you play the role of an air traffic controller. Clear your aircraft to takeoff & land, direct them to the destination...and most of all don't let them crash!! London, Tokyo, Shanghai... Test your ATC skills in distinctive maps around the globe!
3079 | rFactor is a realistic easily extendable racing simulation from Image Space Incorporated. It offers the latest in vehicle and race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer, and the height of racing realism.
3080 | Moonlighter is an Action RPG with rogue-lite elements that demonstrates two sides of the coin – revealing everyday routines of Will, an adventurous shopkeeper that secretly dreams of becoming a hero.
3081 | Arken Age is a VR action-adventure game set in the Bio-Chasm—a terraformed fantasy world created by the Grand Arborist. Engage in full physics combat using Arkenite infused swords & guns—and freely explore the densely filled environments under siege by Hyperion's neural corruption.
3082 | Play with friends in a cozy base-building adventure! Take care of adorable creatures — Morps, explore, discover new species, grow crops, fish, build relationships with your crew, decorate your perfect home, and automate production along the way!
3083 | This is a difficult game about climbing.
3084 | You are Frank West. A hard-edged photojournalist hellbent on investigating the mystery at Willamette Mall. It's swarming with zombies. You have 72 hours. Chop 'till you drop!
3085 | Become iconic animals and fight for survival in the The WILDS. Finding food, water, and shelter will be the easy part, protecting your family from hungry predators and a harsh environment will separate the weak from the strong. Welcome to a uniquely immersive animal experience...
3086 | The Bard's Tale Trilogy is a complete remaster of the iconic series that helped define the RPG genre. Featuring updated graphics and optional quality of life gameplay features, this is the ideal way to experience the dungeon crawling challenge that made the original games beloved classics.
3087 | Command Mobile Outpost and take XEN Firearm to venture deep into the Signet surveillance off-limit area. Collect unique Weapon Units. Amp up the firepower of the Outpost that fights with you. This is an FTD game - FPS, Tower Defense, Base Building and much more all at the same time.
3088 | Tricky Madness is an upcoming arcade snowboarding game with a focus on speed and big air inspired by classics like SSX and 1080. Race down the mountain, explore secret areas, catch big air and perform Wicked tricks.
3089 | DARIUSBURST Chronicle Saviours is the latest installment in Taito's DARIUS series of arcade-style shooting games. Blast hordes of alien sea-monsters, and blaze your own trail through branching environments.
3090 | It's the end of summer, and you've been abducted by a sister you've known for a long time. Forget all your past troubles, distress and everything bothersome, just spend your time happily with Sister in the days to come!
3091 | From the creators of the critically acclaimed STEINS;GATE comes a sensational new visual novel: CHAOS;CHILD. Set in Shibuya in 2015, a group of high school students who survived an earthquake six years ago find themselves at the center of a new series of bizarre murders in the city.
3092 | The legendary bullet-hell shoot-’em-up series has come to Steam! DoDonPachi is ressurected after a Blissful Death with enough modes to satisfy the beginner and the expert player alike. Tonight we dine in bullet hell!
3093 | You are trapped on a train that runs forever. Keep an eye out for anomalies and find a way out.
3094 | Jump into adventure in Nikoderiko: The Magical World - Director's Cut, a love letter to platformers! Play in single-player or couch co-op, and enjoy 8 colorful worlds, classic platforming challenges, and music by legendary composer David Wise.
3095 | The free version of the final word in fighting entertainment - DEAD OR ALIVE 5 Last Round!
3096 | Ten years on from Worms™ Armageddon and the turn-based comic mayhem continues in Worms™ Reloaded, an all-new edition available for PC through Steam.
3097 | SEX EXIT 🔞 – You’re trapped in a mysterious, looping street with no way out. Spot anomalies to escape or get stuck forever. Tempting girls and porn screens will distract you, but terror lurks beneath. Lust vs. fear—can you break the cycle, or will desire consume you? 😈🔥
"3098 | This is Steam version.""all characters in this game are 18+""We have a trial version here."
3099 | Fishing Sim World: Pro Tour features an authentic career mode where you work your way up to an elite angler competing against over 100 of the best anglers in the world across Bass, Carp and Predator fishing whilst unlocking sponsorship opportunities, gaining career earnings and social media followers as you go.
3100 | Watch a whole town come alive as characters designed in quite possibly the greatest character creator of all time interact and form—ahem—deep and meaningful relationships! Each exciting development that arises amongst the cast of lifelike characters promises to be more thrilling than the last!
3101 | 6-player co-op survival horror at its finest! Free updates, free special events and a ridiculous amount of fun!
3102 | A turn-based tactical roguelike from the creators of Monster Train. Play solo or co-op, create powerful builds, and save the Atheneum.
3103 | {{An RTS inspired by the classics of the past!}} Making up for it's subpar retro graphics with fun gameplay and modern multi-threaded tech enabling huge battles to run smooth... Featuring singleplayer challenges, skirmish, sandbox, 10-player multiplayer & workshop modding.
3104 | A story-driven experience about two doctors traversing backwards through a dying man's memories to artificially fulfill his last wish.
3105 | A strange signal... an alien craft... an interplanetary, gravity-defying journey through space and time.
3106 | Phantom Brigade is a hybrid turn-based & real-time tactical RPG with an innovative timeline-based command system. See the future, predict enemy actions, and plot your counterattack on the timeline! Outnumbered and out-gunned, lead the Brigade's campaign to retake their war-torn homeland.
3107 | Freestyle 2: Street Basketball is a fast paced online arcade basketball game. Create your own unique player and compete in the online street league! Use variety of b-ball moves and customize your player! Team up with the best street ballers online and rise to the top!
3108 | SANABI is an exhilarating stylish dystopian action-platformer. Play as a legendary retired veteran and use your signature prosthetic arm to jump over cliffs and skyscrapers, zip through bullets and traps and defeat powerful enemies.
3109 | Run your own cinema! Set showtimes, print tickets, buy new films, pop popcorn, upgrade and clean theaters. Vending machines, staffs, upgrades, and much more are coming soon!
3110 | Build gorgeous kingdoms on floating islands by strategically placing buildings in this cozy City-Puzzler. Discover secret combinations, take on weekly challenges and explore randomly generated maps in various single- and multiplayer game modes.
3111 | Experience the job of a bus driver in a vast and freely drivable urban area. Drive original licensed city buses from the great brands: Mercedes-Benz, Setra, MAN, and IVECO BUS. Transport your passengers safely and punctually, either solo in single player mode, or in multiplayer mode.
"3112 | You are trapped in an experiment, trying to find ways to make you still ""yourself"" , persevere, and survive."
3113 | Become a wholesome ghost matchmaker and grow relationships between the manor’s residents! Gift items to lift their spirits, set them up on dates, and watch love bloom! Discover cute romances with a unique story between every pair of residents! How will love blossom in your manor?
3114 | Marbles on Stream is a Marble Racing game for EVERYONE! You can simulate races yourself or stream it on Twitch.tv with your viewers! Many features in game to help interact with your viewers and engage with them in unique ways. 3 ways to play! Download and stream! Download the MoS app on your mobile device! Get on Twitch.
"3115 | The long awaited 4th installment of the popular ""Arland"" series that had begun with the ""Atelier Rorona""! In this new story, players will revisit the nostalgic world of Arland and embark on exciting journey of alchemy together with Rorona's daughter, Lulua."
3116 | FOREWARNED is a 1-4 player co-op survival horror. Delve deep into ancient Egyptian ruins with your team of fellow archaeologists. Investigate phenomena, collect treasure, discover lore, survive danger, and banish the evil that lurks within.
3117 | Final Factory blends factory building, spaceship design, and a rich universe to explore. Build a mega factory and command a massive fleet against the hostile local aliens. Discover new technologies and unlock the secrets of an ancient civilization as you explore an infinite cosmos.
3118 | From the developers of the Guns, Gore and Cannoli franchise comes a new 2D run & gun platformer: Warhammer 40,000: Shootas, Blood & TEEF! Spearhead an Ork invasion, destroy the hive city and kill your warboss! ‘Ere we go!
3119 | The Legacy of Star Wars Dark Forces™ and Star Wars® Jedi Knight lives on in the intense first-person action of Jedi Outcast.
3120 | Century: Age of Ashes is a free-to-play multiplayer dragon shooter. Master a growing roster of classes and dragons, compete in intense arena battles and rule the skies in fast-paced aerial combats.
3121 | MMORPG Tycoon 2 is a single-player world-builder game about creating the greatest MMORPG of all time – yours.
3122 | Coromon is a modern take on the classic monster-taming genre. Tame Coromon and explore a vast world filled with thrilling turn-based battles, brain-twisting puzzles, and a mysterious threat to the world awaiting defeat. Nobody said being a Battle Researcher was easy!
3123 | Everyone can be a hero! Help a cat rescuer take care of her rescuees and root for their adoption! Every cat deserves a chance to be loved. ❤️
3124 | Unleash your inner designer and renovate the hotel of your dreams! Embark on a makeover journey to turn this worn-out place into a successful getaway. Play with thousands of furniture pieces and accessories, and manage the hotel to get 5-star reviews!
3125 | Age of Darkness: Final Stand is a dark fantasy survival RTS where you must illuminate, build and defend humanity’s last bastion against hordes of Nightmares. Set in the remnants of a kingdom consumed by a deadly fog, you decide. Will you hide in the light? Or take back your world.
3126 | Worms™ Revolution is the latest game in the classic turn-based strategy series to come to the PC.
3127 | A Twitch powered interactive cozy fishing idle game. Add as an overlay for your stream and let your viewers fish with commands, points, bits or subs. Reel in the lurkers and boost viewer engagement passively with a fun interactive game that runs itself while you focus on your content.
3128 | Travel through an overgrown megastructure, and discover what lies beyond it. Metal Garden is a short, atmospheric singleplayer FPS game.
3129 | Z.O.N.A: Origin is an immersive adventure in a harsh post-apocalyptic world. Dive into a captivating story, explore a stunning open world, avoid dangerous anomalies, and hunt for powerful artifacts. Every choice you make can be decisive in this unpredictable world.
3130 | A tactical game combining the turn-based combat of XCOM with story, exploration, stealth, and strategy. Take control of a team of Mutants navigating a post-human Earth. Created by a team including former HITMAN leads and the designer of PAYDAY.
3131 | Crawl to the top of the TOWER OF KALEMONVO, a hardcore isometric ARPG with randomly generated levels meant for fans of slower paced action games. Fight cultists and monsters, scavenge for magical loot, learn powerful spells and fully customize your stats and skills!
3132 | American Arcadia is a cinematic puzzle game that combines a 2.5D platformer and first-person game to tell the tale of a thrilling escape. Experience the extraordinary story of Trevor, an average man escaping from the world's most popular reality tv show.
3133 | The latest title in the famous Combat Mission franchise of wargames, now on Steam. Shock Force 2 brings you to a hypothetical conflict in Syria between the forces of NATO and the Syrian Army. Play either on WeGo or Real Time in an incredibly detailed and realistic 1:1 tactical simulation.
3134 | Outstanding visual design, smoking hot girls, and incredibly easy to play! What else could you want for a perfect gaming experience?
3135 | Knockout Master is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel that puts you in the role of a boxer, whose dream is to become the world heavyweight champion. The game is packed with sex, romance, drama, and a rich story.
3136 | Travel to a threatening future and seek the fragments of a powerful weapon to defend your kingdom. Future Fragments is an adults-only, modern take on a platformer with genre-mixing gameplay, English voicework and a branching storyline with choices that actually matter.
3137 | Shinkansen 0 | 新幹線 0号 is a game set in Japan where players are tasked with finding anomalies in the Shinkansen. (Japanese bullet train)
"3138 | THE KING OF FIGHTERS XIV finally hits STEAM! KOF XIV is back with its classic 2D gameplay and ""3-on-3 TEAM BATTLE"" game system but evolved to 3D! 58 charismatic fighters are about to clash in this new chapter of KOF!"
3139 | Dialogue changes from English to Japanese as you learn and progress in this comedic RPG backed by professional Japanese voice acting. This is a full 18+ hour introductory Japanese course and adventure all in one. Master hiragana, 136+ kanji, basic grammar, 240 common words used in anime.
3140 | The wildly popular Zoo Tycoon series gets set to crank up the excitement, challenge, and fun of building the ultimate zoo. Let your imagination run wild with Zoo Tycoon: Ultimate Animal Collection. Build, manage, and maintain your dream zoo alone or with up to four players.
3141 | Honk, blow, & toot your way through over 60 songs, collect all 50 unique Tromboner Cards, and uncover the mysteries of the Trombiverse. Do you have what it takes to become the true Trombone Champ?
3142 | Experience authentic First World War action with 64 player battles of maneuver on the Eastern Front. Grab your rifle, ready your sabre and keep your gas mask close as you prepare to play a part in one of the most significant conflicts in history!
3143 | Attack at Dawn is a WWII strategy game that mixes the ease of real-time action with the depth of operational gameplay, all on beautifully crafted North Africa maps. Plan your strategy like Rommel or Montgomery and better the real history.
3144 | Super Woden GP 2 is a love letter to the world of motor sports, offering a unique experience. Arcade-style isometric racing meets unrivaled campaign depth and a huge variety of vehicles to buy, sell and unlock.
3145 | As the last mother fox on Earth, your cubs need all your care to survive in a merciless world that slowly destroys itself. You have to help them, teach them and save them. And you should never forget that extinction is forever – in the real world and in this 2023 BAFTA award winning experience.
3146 | No seatbelts, no suspension, no downforce. This is pure head to head racing at 90mph...
3147 | Welcome to Our Home Unveil the forbidden secrets and let yourself be seduced by a fiery game of riddles and pleasures.
3148 | Romancing SaGa -Minstrel Song- returns as a stunning remastered edition, with new gameplay elements and quality of life features! Get ready for an even deeper story and an even more thrilling adventure!
"3149 | ""Those Games"" are back! Play through familiar minigames to your heart's content! Take on five different minigames with a total of 250 stages! Sit back and play fully, thoroughly, and enjoyably!"
3150 | Explore Astride, a horse game set in a Scandinavian-inspired environment.
3151 | Clanfolk is a colony sim set in the Scottish Highlands. Harness your environment to survive - fish, gather, hunt, and farm as you prepare for the winter. Build an inn, trade with other clans, have children and marry them off - live life and prosper across the generations.
3152 | Build the strongest team of pets and tussle with your friends!
3153 | Hacknet is an immersive, terminal-based hacking simulator for PC. Dive down a rabbit hoIe as you follow the instructions of a recently deceased hacker, whose death may not have been the accident the media reports.
3154 | Embark on a journey of forgiveness through impossible environments and illusionary puzzles. Experience this meditative and calming puzzle game by manipulating monuments and creating evolving paths to explore new, surreal, and mysterious worlds.
3155 | MOBA meets Vampire Survivors in a dynamic 5v5 arena inspired by the legendary Warcraft 3 mod: Battleships. Rally your team as you swap abilities mid-match, load up auto-firing weapons, and craft strategies on the fly. No rules — just fun.
3156 | A battle of heroes where everyone is the lead! The very first all-stars title for Koei Tecmo! For the first time in Warriors series, flashy action combines both the traits of the original series and new exiting elements such as “Musou Rush”, open scenarios and multiple endings!
3157 | Death is only the beginning. Crawl from your grave and gear up to fight your way through the ranks of a mysterious and twisted cult. You, your guns, and your dynamite will have to shoot, slide, blast, duck, dodge, and maybe throw a gib or two to survive in this old-school-inspired shooter.
3158 | Lead a Roman expeditionary force into the heart of Ancient Britain! Recruit, promote, and upgrade your legionaries while constructing a series of fortified marching camps. Use Roman tactics and strategies to conquer the entire island and become Warlord!
3159 | As Commander Shepard, you lead an elite squad on a heroic, action-packed adventure throughout the galaxy.
3160 | This is an exhilarating action and shooting game where you fight using weapons with different abilities.
3161 | Start your heroic saga today in a world full of magic and excitement: Choose your race, build a home and discover the fantastic world of Taborea in the classic free-to-play MMO!
3162 | Adventure through epic dungeons facing fearsome creatures either solo or with a group of friends. Master your class, loot everything, and destroy the foul creatures of the deep! Will you become a hero of legend?
3163 | Dragonheir: Silent Gods is an open-world high-fantasy RPG that puts you in control of over 200 heroes. In the multiversal adventure, you'll experience strategic combat like never before, where every move counts and every decision could be the difference between victory and defeat.
3164 | Dawnfolk is a charmingly dark and minimalist survival city-builder. Gather resources, rebuild your realm, and protect your people from oppressive shadows. Can you unveil the secrets of the monoliths to bring light back to the world?
"3165 | More than just a ""very happy"" pinball game~!"
3166 | Explore real digital life in The Bibites! Play god by guiding your bibites on their evolutionary journey or engineer your own. Analyze their Neural Network brains and genetic information as they adapt to their environments. Save your favorites and test their strength in Challenge Mode!
3167 | A nostalgic racing game that combines the charm of classic retro style visuals with the thrill of international rally competitions.
3168 | In the wake of catastrophe find the means to make your family whole again.
3169 | Follow Vi, Kabbu, and Leif as they uncover the secrets of the Land of Bugaria! Explore and combine your team's abilities to solve puzzles, defeat powerful enemies and find ancient treasures!
3170 | KINGDOM HEARTS HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue features 3 magical experiences, all leading up to KINGDOM HEARTS III.
3171 | Let your empathy guide you as you play an exciting action-adventure, creature-saver game. Understand and tame the creatures of Ava and let them lead you through a variety of ecosystems – all in the hopes of saving the planet from a life-consuming infection.
3172 | A hybrid factory builder / incremental clicker game. Starting from humble beginnings, master the many crafting processes to build up resources and expand your factory. Then, using your newly automated production, unlock new technology and grow ever closer to your goal of spreading to the stars.
3173 | Captain Tsubasa: Rise of New Champions is an arcade football game bringing a refreshing look to the football genre with the exhilarating action and over the top shots that made the license famous. Defy The Laws of Football Become Legend
3174 | Experience an original story where you are the protagonist in the world of Gun Gale Online. Create your own avatar and explore devastated lands while experiencing exciting third person shooting in this action RPG.
3175 | Age of Water is an online adventure game set on a post-apocalyptic Earth completely covered in water. Sail through storms, fight and trade, capture other people's boats or build your own, extract resources from the bottom of the ocean and reveal the secrets of the Age of Water world.
3176 | 🎣 Dive into the Ultimate Real VR Fishing Experience! Explore stunningly realistic environments with Real VR Fishing. Relax in 40 beautiful maps and expand your adventure with DLC packs, unlocking 95 fishing locations. Discover 150+ fish species in the base game and over 300 species with DLC.
3177 | You thought it was going to be just another summer. You were wrong.
"3178 | ""Where the heart is"" is an adults-only visual novel focusing on a young male dealing with the aftermath of his father's death, the mysterious conditions of his inheritance and trying to juggle the many different women in his life. The game is packed with sex, humor, romance, drama and mystery."
3179 | True Fear: Forsaken Souls takes the best of the psychological thriller, blending in fun and intuitive gameplay mechanics. Episode 1, the first in a trilogy, will long be remembered.
3180 | The ultimate spy-vs-guards simulator. Carefully sneak your way to the objective as Intruders or use the wide variety of tactical gadgets to trap your opponents as Guards. Intruder allows for stealth, teamwork, and environmental interactions never before seen in a multiplayer game.
3181 | Load, drive, and deliver through a huge open world with up to 24 players in cross-platform multiplayer. Join your friends in exciting heavy transport convoys. Jump into the driver's seat of more than 30 unique vehicles and carry out complex loading tasks to deliver a variety of cargo.
3182 | Homefront®: The Revolution is an open-world first person shooter where you must lead the Resistance movement in guerrilla warfare against a superior military force.
3183 | Move to the big city, share an apartment with hot gamer girls, and dive into the world of esports! Become their manager or player, make choices, and unlock steamy 18+ content. Can you rise to the top and heat things up? 🚀🔥
3184 | Enjoy the complete medieval experience in The Stronghold Collection, featuring five real-time strategy games. Create and defend your castle stronghold as you expand your lands, survey the castle life in your domain, host great jousting festivals and feasts, or conduct public executions to keep the peasantry in line.
3185 | Cardboard Town is a city-building card game. Manage your resources, obtain upgrades, draw your cards and thrive! Random events, quest cards, and game modes make each run different.
"3186 | Battle huge ""Koju"" bugs in CAVE's beautiful fantasy shooter, Mushihimesama. Experience the thrill of bullet hell from the masters of the genre as you evade visually stunning shot patterns with thousands of bullets."
3187 | Onmyoji is a turn-based fantasy strategy game with PVP or PVE battles, where you can strengthen your beloved shikigami to build your dream tactical team and defeat various demons to become the ultimate onmyoji. Cross-platform play available for both Steam and English mobile versions.
3188 | Exoprimal is an online, team-based action game that pits humanity's cutting-edge exosuit technology against history's most ferocious beasts – dinosaurs.​​
3189 | You are Haroona, a Quaestor born with the ability to venture into a mysterious dimension: the Fold. On her quest for powerful hidden knowledge, she must learn to master the powers of the Fold to fight a secret society with a hostile agenda.
3190 | Enter the realm of a retired assassin, forced back into action by treason. You may be a hired killer but you still have a sense of loyalty and justice. Visit the dark recesses of a world corrupted by crime, greed, degradation and dishonor. And a past that catches up with you.
3191 | Take on the role of a Dark Elder God and lead your agents to bring about an apocalypse in a fantasy world. Work in the shadows, avoiding the heroes who will try to stop you, as you bring about plague and famine, ice age and volcanic destruction, madness and never ending night.
3192 | A retro-inspired 2D Action RPG set in the distant future. CrossCode combines 16-bit SNES-style graphics with butter-smooth physics, a fast-paced combat system, and engaging puzzle mechanics, served with a gripping sci-fi story.
3193 | Take on the role of Camina Drummer and explore the dangerous, uncharted edges of the Belt. From scavenging wrecked ships in a zero-g environment, to combating fearsome pirates, you make the difficult choices in this latest Telltale adventure. All five episodes playable at launch!
3194 | Explore dungeons, fight hordes of monsters and survive on a huge map. This is Ocean Keeper - an action roguelike with tower defense elements. Mine resources in caves, customize your Mech Spider, upgrade different weapons and face dangerous bosses that won't leave you a chance!
3195 | The chaotic multiplayer hide-and-seek game. Possess seemingly harmless objects as Ghosts or chase them down as Hunters before the clock strikes midnight!
3196 | Stranded on a barren moon with nothing but your tools, fuelless ship, and celestial powers of creation, you are destined to recreate what was once lost and be the hero of your own Little Universe! Don't forget to call in up to three of your friends to join your journey in the Splitscreen Co-op Mode!
3197 | What twists the mind of an ordinary human into a serial killer?
3198 | As another woman joins the list of the missing, deep within a forest, a man living in solitude is visited by a pretty stranger. Wet Nightmares is an Erotic Horror Visual Novel exploring the psyche of a haunted man and his depraved past.
3199 | Are you prepared to lose everything to save the galaxy? You'll need to be, Commander Shepard. It's time to bring together your greatest allies and recruit the galaxy's fighting elite to continue the resistance against the invading Reapers.
3200 | The infamous, tough-as-nails platformer comes to Steam with a playable Head Crab character (Steam-exclusive)!
3201 | Laika: Aged Through Blood is an action-adventure Metroidvania set in a post-apocalyptic western world. Play as Laika, a coyote mother and fierce warrior, and carve your motorbike through a land ravaged by betrayal and loss as you uncover dark secrets in the pursuit of vengeance against oppression.
3202 | Get ready to take control of Jennifer's life! In this Erotic Visual Novel for Adults, you will decide the future of the innocent protagonist. Will you keep her being sweet and innocent? Or will you lead her down a path of corruption and self destruction? Her future is in your hands...
3203 | Sail the Caribbean, marauding all on the high seas or ally your ship and crew as a privateer in search of riches - the life you choose is up to you. Face dogged enemies, raid unsuspecting villages, woo fair maidens, avoid capture or dig for buried treasure. Discover what it takes to become one of the most famous pirates in history!
3204 | Level Up For the Epic Conclusion of the Tiberium Saga.
3205 | Emily <3 is a brand new story set on an old-new social media. Customize your facenook profile, send some friend requests and determine the outcome of your senior year.
3206 | Run, climb and glide your way through a dark Nordic forest and explore its living, breathing ecosystem filled with secrets and mystical creatures. Become Fe and discover a world that you will never want to leave.
3207 | Explore a dynamic world of politics in this turn-based, political simulator. Create a character, run for political office, write legislation, balance budgets, and more as you move up the political hierarchy.
3208 | Fahrenheit (known as Indigo Prophecy in North America) was a breakthrough in interactive narrative. This newly remastered edition features updated textures in HD, expanded controller support, and is based on the uncut and uncensored international version of the game.
3209 | Bloomtown: A Different Story is a narrative JRPG mixing turn-based combat, monster taming and social RPG set in a seemingly pleasant 1960s Americana world. Join Emily and her group of friends to save their cozy town from the demonic creatures that live in the hearts of its residents!
3210 | I can see the signs in my sleep now, always guiding me closer. Will this really work? Have we almost achieved the impossible?
"3211 | The young girl Rayne, who became the sacred knight of the kingdom, was entrusted by Jas, the leader of the sacred knights and her lover, to investigate the disturbances occurring in a distant town named ""Hakudeti""."
3212 | Use the magical device known as the Chronicon to travel into the souls and memories of fallen heroes to re-live their grand tales! Epic adventures full of loot and monsters await!
3213 | Turn-based fantasy gladiatorial game with monster breeding. Crossbreed various species to create monster hybrids for gladiatorial combat. Manipulate creatures’ traits with surgery, magic, and alchemy. Manage your enterprise, craft items and upgrade your base. Fight in the arena for gold and glory!
3214 | As an employee of a mysterious organization your job is to monitor live surveillance camera footage and spot anomalies using your sharp eyes and good memory. Can you survive the entire night shift or will you succumb into paranoia?
3215 | Serious Sam 4 reignites the classic FPS series in a high-powered prequel loaded with an explosive arsenal, intergalactic carnage, and perfectly timed one-liners.
3216 | Afterimage is a hand-drawn 2D action adventure that emphasizes fast-paced combat with diversified character builds, non-linear levels, and a gripping story set in the ruins of a fantasy world.
3217 | In Anno 2205™, you join humankind‘s next step into the future with the promise to build a better tomorrow. You conquer Earth, establishing rich, bustling cities and grand industrial complexes, but to secure the prosperity of your people, you must travel into space.
3218 | Star Trek™: Bridge Crew, playable in both VR and non-VR, will immerse you in the Star Trek universe. In co-op, form a crew of four players to serve in the roles of Captain, Helm, Tactical or Engineer. Make strategic decisions and coordinate actions with your crew.
3219 | Bear witness to a love that will change the world, in this classic horror romance visual novel from acclaimed writer Urobuchi Gen.
3220 | Bored of waiting for a bite? Would you like to catch some fish? You're lucky - in Ultimate Fishing Simulator, fish bite like crazy! Spinning, float fishing, ground fishing, and more! Comprehensive fishing simulator that allows using various techniques, in different places around the world!
3221 | Develop a prestigious university of mages. Build rooms, train your students, fight orcs, slay the bureaucrats, manage your budget... a director's life is not a quiet one.
3222 | Moving Out is back and wackier than ever, and now with ONLINE PLAY! Return to Packmore and use your moving skills across brand new dimensions and some old favourites. Help rebuild Smooth Moves and become an all-star F.A.R.T. (Furniture Arrangement & Relocation Technician)!
3223 | Play as a young college student exploring love, lust, and sexual fetishes with the hottest women in town. Score points in the Fetish Locator app, which has taken the campus by storm. Make choices and decide the fate of the story in Fetish Locator!
3224 | Overlord II, sequel to the critically acclaimed cult hit, sees the return of the chaotic Minions and their new Dark Master. Bigger, badder and more beautifully destructive, Overlord 2 has a Glorious Empire to smash, a massive Netherworld to revive, Minion mounts to mobilize, a trio of mistresses to woo, War Machines to crush opposition...
3225 | Ragnarok was just the beginning… of the end! Odinfall is a Viking-themed, rogue-lite, twin-stick shooter. Blast your way through procedurally generated levels, upgrade your character, modify your weapons and take down robotic Norse gods to earn your freedom!
3226 | An archaeologist uncovers a lost history in an ancient space Nebula. Award-winning narrative adventure game with hieroglyphic language puzzles, from the creators of 80 DAYS.
3227 | Survive the night by finding batteries and evading hunters. But beware: any scream, gasp, or squeak into your microphone restarts the game! Time only moves when you do, so keep moving. See who in your group can stay quiet the longest! MICROPHONE REQUIRED!
3228 | Jump, switch and fly your way through mind-bending subterranean puzzles in this stunning new platforming adventure from the award-winning Press Play!
"3229 | ""The ultimate depiction of the Three Kingdom. A heroic drama of a gathering of Legends. ""With this as the concept behind Romance of the Three Kingdoms 13, we have compiled an experience that will immerse you even deeper into the world of the Three Kingdoms, with ""human drama,"" seen through the interactions of the..."
3230 | It's time to start working towards that ultimate goal of enlightenment, faith and money…lots and lots of money! Become the ultimate tycoon - create, customise, and manage your own cult whilst listening to funky music. Welcome to Honey, I Joined a Cult!
3231 | When the city-state of Marito falls on hard times, it submits to annexation by the expansive Vanderland Empire.
3232 | Endzone 2 is a post-apocalyptic survival colony builder, where you embark to secure humanity's survival after a cataclysmic disaster. Discover and repopulate the last habitable grounds, while the survival of your people hinges on your wits, foresight, and resilience in a harsh and unforgiving world.
3233 | Are you ready to live the best gaming experience that a motorcycle fan can get? RIDE 4 will spark your competitive soul with hundreds of bikes, dozens of tracks and a whole new level of realism.
3234 | Zoochosis is a bodycam horror simulation game. You’re a zookeeper. Identify infected mutant animals, make a vaccine and cure them. Will you save all of them and survive?
3235 | Gods. Romance. Murder. Musical Numbers?! Play as Grace in a world where Greek Gods live in hiding among us. Change your fate as you draw friends, foes & lovers into song using your powers of musical persuasion to unravel the mystery of the Last Muse's death.
3236 | Uphold your pact with the Titan of Death, Epimetheus! Fight, climb and solve your way through a twisted tower as three unique adventurers, on a mission to save their village from impending doom!
3237 | In this first-person puzzle escape room game, you are trapped in the mysterious Mystwood mansion. Explore the mansion and find hidden compartments while solving puzzles and deciphering codes to find a way out. Will you escape or linger to uncover the mansion's final secret?
"3238 | ""Laundry Simulator"" immerses you in the bustling laundry business. Manage a boutique shop, handling everything from everyday clothes to luxury garments, and sell related products. Efficiently manage resources, upgrade equipment, and optimize layout to attract customers with superior service."
3239 | Sex of Thrones is a boldly explicit 18+ Visual Novel. Dive into a realm where lust rules and power games shape destinies. Embrace intense, erotic journeys, forging your path through a world aflame with desire and cunning.
3240 | Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator is a game where you play as a Dad and your goal is to meet and romance other hot Dads. Are you ready? Hi ready, I'm Dad.
3241 | Developed by Shinji Mikami -- creator of the seminal Resident Evil series -- and the talented team at Tango Gameworks, The Evil Within embodies the meaning of pure survival horror. Highly-crafted environments, horrifying anxiety, and an intricate story are combined to create an immersive world that will bring you to the height of tension.
3242 | Developed by YUKE’S, AEW: Fight Forever combines nostalgic arcade-wrestling with All Elite Wrestling finishers and moves. Featuring a big roster of AEW talent, multiple match types, robust career mode, tons of customization options, more than 40 weapons, and so much more!
3243 | L.A. Noire: The VR Case Files places you directly in the shoes of Detective Cole Phelps as you solve brutal crimes, plots and conspiracies inspired by real cases from 1947 Los Angeles, one of the most corrupt and violent times in L.A. history.
3244 | Put the 'love' in 'Lovecraftian horror'! Perform terrifying rituals to win the affections of eldritch horrors and smooch 'em... at any cost!
3245 | RAILGRADE is the train RTS game! Construct dense vertical railroads, build cities, construct vast factory chains with train automation! Restore an off world colony's economy all in the intense story driven campaign or relaxing sandbox mode!
3246 | Lunch Lady is a 1-4 player online co-op survival horror game. The school final exams are coming up and the best idea you and your friends had was to steal the test answers. Find all 10 pages and don't get caught by the murderous Lunch Lady!
3247 | Wilmot Works It Out is a puzzle building game about completing beautiful images and using them to decorate the walls of your house.
3248 | Wage a campaign of brutal conquest in this realm-shattering real-time strategy game set in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar universe. Become a warlord and lead four unique factions to conquer the wild and savage Realm of Ghur in tense and tactical battles.
3249 | It's 1968 in Vietnam, the time to 'Make War Not Love'. Side with the Viet Cong or U.S. Army in this intense, fast-paced FPS set in the Vietnam War. Choose from over 200+ weapons of destruction. Kill or be killed!
3250 | “Black Book” is a dark RPG Adventure, based on Slavic myths, in which you play as a young sorceress. Fight evil forces in card-based battles and explore the world, where humans live alongside mythological creatures.
3251 | Chill out as you explore the beautiful, realistic island of exiles. Gather resources, craft tools, construct buildings and settlements. Manage tribe and automate your gameplay. Discover 4 lands, a storyline and save the inhabitants of the island.
3252 | All the power of Motocross in your hands: the new MXGP 2021 is finally here! The official MXGP videogame is ready to show you what it's made of: warm up your engines and get ready for the most realistic, exciting two-wheeled experience ever!
3253 | Third release in the Arland series. Princess of the small frontier country of Arls, Meruru plans to use alchemy to stimulate the growth of her small country. Use Synthesis, Explore, and Battle to increase the population within the time limit and boost the advancement of the kingdom.
3254 | The world’s greatest fighting game evolves to a whole new level with Ultra Street Fighter IV.
3255 | The classic game remastered. Feel the power of flying a 10-men crew on a B-17 over occupied Europe in WWII. Plan the mission, choose your men and take action in every post onboard, from pilot to bombardier and machine gunners. Get ready for a high-flying adventure in this all-time classic remake.
3256 | Tell Me Why is the multi-award winning episodic adventure game from Dontnod Entertainment in which twins use their supernatural bond to discover the truth of their troubled past.
3257 | The most devious and acclaimed artificial intelligence in strategy gaming is better than ever. A grand strategy/RTS hybrid that reverses many conventions of both genres. Take territory without attracting attention, build your empire with care, and adapt to an ever-evolving galactic battleground.
3258 | Relive past Dueling glory against Yu-Gi-Oh! characters from the past and present! Compete against other players online with your custom deck, then challenge them in Battle Pack Draft and Sealed Play!
3259 | Set off on a delightful expedition and use your photographic eye to uncover the mysteries of the magical TOEM in this hand-drawn adventure game. Chat with quirky characters, solve their problems by snapping neat photos, and make your way through a relaxing landscape!
3260 | Caliber is a team-based online shooter focused on special forces units from all over the world. More than 70 operators with unique abilities and weapons as well as various game modes and maps are waiting for you.
3261 | The player becomes Gu Yi, uses the first-person perspective to immerse himself in meeting six beauties, and embarks on a joyful and sweet love journey with them. Six girls that are charming, innocent, intelligent, wild, sexy, glamorous, who will go to the end with you is up to you to decide.
3262 | Back by popular demand, The Secret of Monkey Island™: Special Edition faithfully re-imagines the internationally-acclaimed classic game (originally released in 1990) for original and new audiences alike.
3263 | Guide Manari the Anti-Demon Ninja in her journey to eliminate the demon terror she battles her own inner demons in this lewd rogue-lite deck-building adventure game!
3264 | Puttler is a mini-golf puzzle game featuring wacky obstacles and a charming backstory. Build contraptions to score the golf ball under par across 13 courses and over 200 unique holes to solve.
3265 | Ready. Set. YO! - Join Penny & Yo-Yo in a kinetic 3D-platformer bursting with innovative gameplay! Showcase your catalog of tricks and chain impressive combos to deliver Penny & Yo-Yo's perfect breakout performance. Take the stage with this vibrant pair in Penny’s Big Breakaway.
3266 | Become a cat! In this cozy life sim RPG, you'll lead your colony into the mysterious Wildwood. Hunt prey, harvest herbs, collect magical treasures, & defend your new home from intruders. Build a thriving town to recruit new cats. Get to know the residents, fall in love, & raise a litter of kittens!
3267 | A relaxing puzzle escape game! Make your way through a variety of hand-crafted 3D dioramas, look for useful objects, find hidden clues and solve fun puzzles! Unravel this mysterious adventure about chaos, order and the surreal.
3268 | Rui can't catch a break... She had only just returned to her world after saving Roots, thanks to the power of Sol, but now monsters are attacking her town and kidnapping people! However, the challenge awaiting her is very different this time. It's all smoke, mirrors and illusions...
3269 | First release in the Arland series. The main character Rorona must save her Atelier from being closed by the Kingdom. Using Synthesis, Exploration, and Battle, gain recognition for the Atelier and save it from being closed.
3270 | Uncertain of his sister's fate, a boy enters LIMBO
3271 | UNDERWARD is a 1-4 player co-op horror exploration game. Investigators must carry «TEST-SUBJECT» monsters from a deadly underground abandoned hospital ward.
3272 | Firefighting Simulator lets you experience what it means to fight fires up close as an active part of a major US city's firefighting crew - together with up to 3 friends in the co-op multiplayer- or in the single player mode.
3273 | Dracula, weak and yearning release from immortality, must reclaim his powers and defeat Satan. An epic fantasy adventure set in an expansive modern-day world!Awoken after centuries of slumber, weakened and yearning for release from his immortal bonds, Dracula must reclaim his powers and make a pact with Death, to defeat Satan and gain...
3274 | Explore the haunted halls of Heavenly Host Elementary in Corpse Party (2021), the horror cult classic now updated for the next generation.
3275 | A dark, gothic fusion of metroidvania and soulslike. The Last Faith thrives on merciless and precise combat with a huge range of weapons, firearms, and custom executions at your disposal. Let nothing stand in your way.
3276 | Get ready for a relaxing cleaning simulation. Explore maps, upgrade your equipment, clean surfaces, collect trash, and bring order to chaos. From cozy homes and art galleries to space stations and sunny beaches, a wide range of locations awaits. Where there's a mess, you're on the job.
3277 | Embark on a colourful hand drawn journey of discovery through the ages! From missing dinosaur eggs in the stone age, to a king's crown in medieval times, can you find them all? Discover, create and share worlds with your own hidden treasures in Hidden Through Time!
3278 | Operate, configure and expand your own recycling center in this first-person simulator! Work fast and sort the trash. Use the compactors to destroy the bulky waste. Earn satisfaction and cash to buy new containers and unlock new trash types. Use the second hand shop to sell re-usable items.
3279 | Celebrate the 10th anniversary of Tales of Vesperia and the return of this fan-favorite with the Definitive Edition!
3280 | Three Heroes make their way through dangers untold in a fairytale world, featuring physics-based puzzles, beautiful sights and online co-op.
3281 | Parasocial | パラソーシャル is a Japanese horror game about a live streamer.
3282 | A short horror game where you pilot a tiny submarine through an ocean of blood on an alien moon.
3283 | The courts have missed you, it’s time to sign your comeback and prove yourself as the greatest tennis manager. Tennis Manager 2024 is back and better than ever! Get ready to strategize, train your new wonderkids, and conquer the courts in the most immersive tennis management experience yet!
3284 | You Suck at Parking® is the only racing game where your goal is to stop and parking your ride is more important than your driving skills. It’s a hot race against the clock as you drift, cruise, and go airborne over 250 frustratingly fun, wild levels.
"3285 | ""As the world sank, I found you."" In the near future, a sudden and unexplained sea rise has left much of human civilization underwater. In a little town slowly being enveloped by the ocean, an unforgettable summer is about to begin for a boy and a mysterious robot girl..."
3286 | Train hard, fight crocodiles and find love. Earn your place in the Punch Club ranks, and discover who brutally murdered your father, in this choose your own adventure boxing management tycoon.
3287 | Terminus: Zombie Survivors is a 2D turn-based survival roguelike set during a zombie apocalypse. Each journey is unique, and every decision can mean the difference between life and death. Can you brave hunger, cold, and the undead in order to reach the Terminus and find salvation?
3288 | Ostriv is a city-building game that puts you in a role of a governor of an 18th century Ukrainian town to challenge your creative skills and management abilities.
3289 | The world’s most irreverent co-op action adventure returns! In the next chapter of Magicka, players ascend from the ruins of Aldrheim to experience a Midgård almost wiped free of Wizards after the Wizard Wars, with the few that do remain having either gone mad or extremely hostile toward all others
"3290 | Welcome to 'Girls! Girls! Girls!?' cafe, where charming cross-dressing ""girls"" navigate love, life, and laughter. As the new manager, make lasting decisions, explore intricate and explicit relationships with each character, and discover multiple endings in a story where every choice matters."
3291 | Tactical dice-rolling roguelike combat. Take control of 5 heroes, each with their own unique dice. Fight your way through 20 levels of monsters and try to take on the final boss. If you lose a single fight you have to start over so be careful (and lucky!).
3292 | Lingo is a first person word puzzle game with a large, abstract world to explore. With its epiphany-driven gameplay and impossible geometry, Lingo provides a unique and nonlinear experience.
3293 | You’re shipwrecked on a lost mythical island. As backpacker Alex, you must befriend the forgotten gods of Greek mythology and restore their memories. Explore the dynamic island and its story sandbox to build new friendships, solve the mystery and save the gods.
"3294 | The HD Remaster of Legend of Mana is coming to Steam. Meet a colorful cast of characters, use the unique ""Land Make"" System to build the World Map, and square off against fearsome monsters in the vibrant world of Fa’Diel."
3295 | Join Barbie™ on a fun summer adventure to save the Malibu Waves Community Center! Help friends, unlock minigames and earn points for upgrades while you restore a beloved landmark.
3296 | Fight your way to the top in this HD remaster of everyone's favorite assassin action game! As all-American otaku Travis Touchdown, use your trusty beam katana to hack-and-slash though the competition and claim the title of world's #1 assassin!
3297 | You've just bought your first Pub. First steps are to clean it, stock it, set your markup and let in the Patrons. Keep the drinks flowing and try not to shortchange anyone! If you keep it going long enough you might just earn enough to spruce up the place, hire staff and expand the premises.
3298 | A turn-based sci-fi strategy that combines exploration and exciting clashes on the battlefield. Take control over several different species, raise powerful armies for your heroes and destroy your opponents! This HoMM-like is set in a scifi universe, with new mechanics on top of the classic formula.
3299 | As a young man, he left home immediately after high school, and has spent the last two years alone. He is finally ready to re-enter the world, ready to join his friends in college. Will it be drugs, sex and rock'n'roll? Or did he never truly get over what happened?
3300 | Survival: Fountain of Youth is a challenging single-player open-world adventure game set on the Caribbean islands. Survive as a shipwrecked 16th-century explorer, craft tools and shelter, and uncover the secrets of both an ancient civilization and your own fate.
"3301 | ""Endless Monday: Dreams and Deadlines"" - In this short story from the Endless Monday, Penny, a mild-mannered corporate grunt, spends a weekend at the office in an effort to finish her project on time while overcoming distractions from coworkers, space aliens, imaginary friends, and herself."
3302 | A brain-racking game about bathroom breaks, screwdrivers and nuclear explosions.
3303 | Churn Vector is a single-player stealth action game, where instead of eliminating targets with a gun, you eliminate them with your cock!
3304 | Explore the wide world of Anthos with the help of your wacky inventor friend Doc Jr. and many others! It’ll be up to you to revive the Harvest Goddess and the Harvest Sprites, as well as reconnect all of the villages of Anthos with each other! Farm all around Anthos using the improved Expando-Farm!
3305 | Field of Glory II is a turn-based tactical game set during the Rise of Rome from 280 BC to 25 BC.
3306 | A neon-noir story in a rain-drenched cyberpunk metropolis. It’s your first night on the job working for the Cloudpunk delivery service. Two rules: Don’t miss a delivery and don’t ask what’s in the package.
3307 | Godsworn is a classic mythological RTS. Experience an epic fantasy retelling of the Baltic Crusades, where pagan gods and their tribes clash against crusaders and armies of heaven. Choose a divine hero, rally worshippers alongside mythical creatures, and smite the unworthy!
3308 | Magic x Guilds x RPG = ”FAIRY TAIL”! Based on the fantasy adventure comic about Natsu, a Dragon Slayer of the rowdy Fairy Tail magician guild, and his unique group of friends battling against unusual and memorable enemies.
3309 | A tiny building game about beautiful lived-in houses. No rules or restrictions, just pure creativity.
3310 | Love, Elections, and Chocolate is a romantic visual novel developed by the Japanese game studio Sprite. Upon its release in Japan, it garnered numerous awards for its exceptional art, captivating music, and well-crafted characters.
3311 | You've got a new babysitting job, and things are taking a turn for the weird. Feed him, read him a bedtime story, and try not to fall into his dreams. How long can you stay in control?
3312 | Choose your hero and fight relentless guardians in this Rogue-lite Action RPG, where each death unlocks new powers, characters, and strategies, helping you ascend Sanctora Mountain to face a ruthless demigod.
3313 | Summer's Gone is a high-quality, Interactive Visual Novel. This game is about healing, hope, and love. Overcome obstacles together, face demons of the past, and eventually... be happy.
3314 | Supports cross-play with Quest and PSVR2 player base. Breachers™ is a tactical 5v5 VR FPS. Plan your assault or orchestrate your defense as a team through intense close-quarters combat. Climb, vault, rappel, swing, shoot and strategize your way to victory in stunning environments.
3315 | DRAGON BALL: THE BREAKERS is an online asymmetrical action game where a team of 7 ordinary citizens tries to survive the Raider (a classic DRAGON BALL rival such as Cell, Frieza, and Buu), who will hunt and evolve into an unstoppable force!
3316 | Survive and thrive in a post-apocalyptic future — resources are scarce, but opportunity calls! Build the ultimate disaster proof colony, protect your colonists, and restore civilization to a devastated world.
3317 | Cherry VX is a futuristic adult entertainment suite featuring gorgeous models and unmatched interaction. Finally, the technology has come far enough for truly compelling intimate experiences with cybernetic humans. Time to live out your cyberpunk fantasies!
3318 | Friendship with Benefits is a unique eroge game that combines free-roaming elements, visual novel, dating simulator and role-playing mechanics. With a cast of over 20+ romanceable characters, where will you begin in this new and wonderful world?
3319 | Step into the boots of Grayson Hunt after a crash landing on an old resort planet forces him to make a hard choice: survival or revenge. Execute masterful kills with Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition’s unique combat system that rewards you for performing the most creative and deadly kills imaginable.
3320 | Take down sexy, mean witches in command-based RPG combat! ※All H-scenes are femdom only!
3321 | Hylics is a recreational program with light JRPG elements.
3322 | Climb, jump, and explore procedurally generated alien caves in this 1-4 player co-op action-RPG platformer. Customize your cute gremlin, embrace the creative chaos, and unlock a vast array of mutations to shape your personal playstyle and role in a group!
3323 | Fell Seal: Arbiter's Mark is a turn-based tactical RPG with a focus on storytelling and strategic battles. Unfold a mature story as you progress through hand-crafted scenarios, controlling your own group of Arbiters, with each character customizable from a wide selection of classes and abilities!
3324 | Enter the mind of a cuck 🐓. Explore the provocative world of the Cuckold/NTR fetish with a fresh twist and define your path to become the ultimate boyfriend.
3325 | The craziest aquarium game ever! Tend to your fish, keep them happy and they'll reward you with coins and jewels. Buy tank upgrades or egg parts which hatch different in-tank pets. These pets can help you feed your fish, collect coins, or even protect against the aliens that will invade your tank.
3326 | Save the living earth with Rage and spirit! Can your shattered werewolf pack defeat a Wyrm Spirit that manifests as a lie that you want to believe?
3327 | The Earth is in pieces...again! We've gotta do more to save the planet!
3328 | A game about being kind to real people. Send nice letters from your cozy room, go outside and say hi to your neighbors, swap recommendations, dress up for the poetry slam and add your dreams to a sky full of wishes. Join a community of real people with their hearts on their sleeves.
3329 | The story continues with season 2 of the popular adult visual novel The Builder. REMEMBER TO PLAY SEASON 1 FIRST! You need to deepen your relations with the women of the small community. Not all goes as planned. Uknowingly, you start your true mission: To get all the women pregnant.
3330 | Coordinate your team of first responders in the anniversary edition of EMERGENCY! Featuring 10 remastered classic EMERGENCY missions and three full campaigns, EMERGENCY 20 is the complete package for both experienced and new rescue commanders!
3331 | Wolfenstein: Youngblood is the first modern co-op Wolfenstein adventure. Team up with a friend or play solo as one of BJ Blazkowicz’s twin daughters and wield a powerful arsenal of new weapons, gadgets, and abilities to liberate Paris from the Nazis.
3332 | You play Adam Jensen, an ex-SWAT specialist who's been handpicked to oversee the defensive needs of one of America's most experimental biotechnology firms. Your job is to safeguard company secrets, but when a black ops team breaks in and kills the very scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job...
3333 | The genre-defining fusion of transport simulator and city builder is back in its ultimate form!
3334 | “WOW,you can really dance!” Welcome to IDOL PARTY. Immerse yourself in dance and song to find friends in this social game. Charm your love with moves and melodies, pledge togetherness, marry, and start a family. Tired? Farm or play mini-games for endless fun!
3335 | Glenn is a slaveowner who values money over one's life. He won the bid for Claudia, the daughter of a former noble family, the Quinel, at an auction.To exchange for her freedom, Claudia promised to earn money for Glenn, and agreed to fight in the sinister arena.
3336 | The ultimate Disgaea has arrived to Steam! HL-raising action and a horde of special features await you in this tale of fiery revolution.
3337 | Trek across ancient China in a dark, boundary-pushing visual novel inspired by traditional Chinese art with modern animation. Escort four girls to the prosperous city of Luoyang in a branching narrative with themes of revenge, cannibalism, involuntary servitude, and more on a redemptive journey.
3338 | The Closing Shift | 閉店事件 is a Japanese horror game about a girl on a closing shift.
3339 | timeloop depression station ✦ In Stars and Time's prototype-thingy-thing
3340 | The Thrill of the Fight is a room-scale only VR boxing game focused on authenticity. Face off in the virtual ring where you'll jab, dodge, and sweat your way to the top of the boxing world. Grab your gloves, step through the ropes, and become a champion.
3341 | Revive a closed-down gaming café and build it into the ultimate gaming hub! Manage rentals, sell gaming merch, and expand with PCs, consoles, and an in-house café to prepare and sell fresh food. Attract customers with unique gaming sections. Can you turn your dream café into a bustling success?
3342 | World-renowned Kojima Productions brings the Metal Gear Solid franchise to Steam with METAL GEAR SOLID V: GROUND ZEROES. Play as the legendary hero Snake and infiltrate a Cuban military base to rescue the hostages. Can you make it out alive?
3343 | The beloved roll-em-up game returns with fully updated graphics, completely recreated cutscenes and in full HD!
3344 | Rise Against Ruin - Unite a party of League of Legends Champions, explore Bilgewater and set sail for the Shadow Isles to uncover the secrets of the deadly Black Mist in this immersive turn-based RPG.
3345 | The Last Campfire is an adventure, a story of a lost ember trapped in a puzzling place, searching for meaning and a way home.
3346 | RWBY: GRIMM ECLIPSE is a 4 player, online co-op, hack and slash game based upon Rooster Teeth’s international hit series RWBY.
3347 | For 3-8 Players and an Audience of thousands! Your phones or tablets are your controllers! The gut-busting, say-anything, no-rules party game!
3348 | LOSE YOUR MIND. EAT YOUR CREW. DIE. Take the helm of your steamship and set sail for the unknown! Sunless Sea is a game of discovery, loneliness and frequent death, set in the award-winning Victorian Gothic universe of Fallen London.
3349 | Thousands of enemies. One survivor. Fight like a demigod, build deadly defenses, and grow stronger after every run in this fast-paced bullet hell set in mythic Greece.
3350 | Cross platform game that you can play on PC or VR. Complete each level by collecting all the food , without being killed by the enemy pigs. Shoot down the enemy pigs that are attacking you. Platforms, chaos destruction and ragdoll physics.
"3351 | What's NEKOPARA? Why, it's a cat paradise! Kashou Minaduki, the son of a long line of Japanese confection makers moved out to open his own shop ""La Soleil"" as a patisserie."
3352 | Take your rivalries to the next level in MLB RIVALS!
3353 | Rebel Fury is a digital implementation of the wargame published by GMT Games and designed by Mark Herman.
"3354 | NanoApostle is a dark sci-fi boss rush action game featuring intense reaction-based combat and the unique ""Destruction Point"" system. Play as Anita, a child augmented with lethal nanomachines, as she battles against twisted cybernetic experiments to escape a top-secret facility."
3355 | Enter the futuristic year of 1984, an age where ducks run wild in a frantic battle for glory. Blast your friends with Shotguns, Net Guns, Mind Control Rays, Saxophones, Magnet Guns, and much, much more. This is DUCK GAME. Don't blink.
3356 | Come and join Hello Kitty with her best friends in this action-packed Family Racing Party never before available on Steam!
3357 | Explore a supernatural RPG with stylish summoners and dark dangers lurking under the neon lights of a cyberpunk Japan. It is up to Ringo, an agent of Aion, to save the world from apocalypse.
3358 | A short story about what sort of challenges everyday little things can be. Help the girl buy milk, be the first not to disappoint her.
3359 | Build your dream railroad across a huge open world! You can build tracks and stations, drive detailed locomotives, and transport goods to earn money and experience. Play exciting Online Multiplayer sessions with your friends or create your very own sandbox!
3360 | A sandbox fighting game with built-in creation tools to create characters and stages. Animate pixel art characters using our 3D pixel art rotation technology, then battle with up to 8 players! Use our tools to export sprites for your own projects.
3361 | Put yourself in the Front Office with Front Office Football, the professional football simulation from Solecismic Software. Manage your roster through trading, free agency and the amateur draft. Create game plans, organize depth charts and watch your franchise thrive for decades.
3362 | A physics-based mining sim, set in the thickest debris field in Sol. Every action has a reaction, lasers are invisible without a medium, and your thrust is a potent weapon. Find trade, adapt your equipment to your playstyle, hire a crew to help. Unravel the mysteries of the rings, or just get rich.
3363 | For the first time in Talisman, customise your own epic adventures to play solo or with friends. Discover a world where every journey is a fresh experience in this latest digital adaptation of the beloved fantasy adventure board game.
3364 | This story takes place three years after the events of the previous game “Atelier Ryza: Ever Darkness & the Secret Hideout,” and depicts the reunion of Ryza and her friends, who go through new encounters and goodbyes to discover a true priceless treasure.
3365 | Manage a haunted funeral service as a priest in a cursed forest. Bury or cremate the dead, perform exorcisms, fend off demonic possessions, and quiet restless souls. Survive terrifying encounters, maintain sanity, and experience the pinnacle of horror simulation in The Unholy Priest!
3366 | Lead your kingdoms. protect your lands, conquer your enemies. Stop the fallen god Draeul. Collect the Unity Runes to prevent the Corruption Curse from destroying the realm. Armies keep you in power, Heroes do your bidding and adventure to defeat the horrific creations of the curse.
3367 | Warsim is a deep, rich text based kingdom ruling sim unlike anything else, complete with charming ASCII graphics. Navigate the millions of different procedurally generated races, events and areas with a huge emphasis on player choice. Don't let its look fool you, there is depth in every direction.
3368 | OPPAI Succubus Academy is a VISUAL NOVEL set in Faren'ch Deshka Girls' Academy. Its students may excel in bust size, but their ero ranking has the academy on the verge of closure. It's up to Suguru and his Book of Sexy Magic to get all the succubi, teach them his ero ways, and save the day!
3369 | Experience the most exciting and fast-paced FPS gameplay while competing with players from around the world in over 100 arenas, a dozen game modes, and with persistent career stats tracking, in this online features-focused successor to Quake III Arena.
3370 | Spiritual Successor to the Microprose Classic “Red Storm Rising”.
"3371 | ""Wonderland M"" is a turn-based MMORPG with ancient civilizations, cute characters, and exploration. Pilot vehicles, meet characters, recruit companions, and create your dream home. Compose your own legendary adventure in ""Wonderland M""!"
3372 | Combat Mission Battle for Normandy faithfully recreates the experience of tactical land warfare in Western France during World War Two.
3373 | 《Your Mother》is a computer desktop companion. Experience the love and kindness from mothers.
3374 | Emergency Call 112 – The Fire Fighting Simulation 2 is the consequent further development of the successful first part, which lets every Firefighter Fan experience the way a professional fire brigade works.
"3375 | ""So, I made a game, right? I filled it with harmless funny puzzles, narrated it a little bit, and then players started making fun of it! They broke the game, ignored my rules! They... they... laughed at me! As if it was some kind of a joke! Why do they have to be so mean?!"" - developer of Dude, Stop"
3376 | Grow your own farm all by yourself, or cooperate with your friends in this unique, relaxing farming experience!
"3377 | ""Mayhemers"" is a multiplayer chaos creation game for up to 8 players with a procedurally generated map. Choose your side: Will you be a Mayhemer or a Guardian? Mayhemers' task is to create chaos. Guardians' task is to stop them."
3378 | Starters Orders 7 is the latest in the acclaimed horse racing management series from Strategic Designs Ltd. New features include in-depth breeding stats and lineage, realistic dynamic commentary, newspaper style race and form cards, new racecourses, old-school style betting shop race modes and more.
3379 | Venture into None Shall Intrude, a roguelite deck-builder with tile-based combat where you become a powerful Raid Boss. Epic battles, intricate strategies, and the ever-present threat of heroic challengers seeking to vanquish your reign. Will you conquer all or fall to valiant heroes?
3380 | Make friends or frenemies! Be a savvy schemer in this hybrid RPG party game!
3381 | Make full use of your advanced move-set to navigate hand-crafted retro worlds without a jump button in this vibrant love letter to the N64 era of collectathons!
3382 | We insist on fair competition, and focus on testing players' strategic intelligence and teamwork. We are committed to creating a user-friendly game, so that every player can easily enter the game, enjoy the glory of the ancient civilization, and feel the endless fun of conquest.
3383 | select your protagonist and explore a variety of terrible fates!
3384 | MILFs of Sunville is an adult game about a young guy forced to leave his luxurious life in a big city behind and return to a college in a small town of Sunville. This is a VN, filled with beautiful girls, romance, moral choices mixed with quality graphics and hot close-up animations.
3385 | Three Heroes make their way through dangers untold in a fairytale world of great castles and strange machinery, featuring physics-based puzzles, beautiful sights and online co-op.
3386 | Experience a festival of fandom like never before in Funko Fusion! Play through iconic worlds and mashup characters inspired by some of your favorite franchises in an action-adventure game with uniquely authentic, irreverent humor from the creative minds of 10:10 Games.
3387 | In this casual sim set in China, you step into the shoes of an average kid from birth towards the end of your high school. Study hard, have fun, make friends and face your ultimate challenge, the “Gaokao”. What will your life be after that? And when you have a child, will you be a Tiger Parent?
3388 | Beekeeper (and former world’s greatest detective) Sherlock Holmes is arranging a surprise picnic for his friend Watson. Unfortunately pesky mysteries keep getting in the way! Explore, find clues and interrogate your neighbours in this cosy point and click adventure!
"3389 | Shino has been the protagonist's childhood friend since they were kids. She is like a symbol of a man's ""preferences""... A girl with such high specs that anyone would take a second glance if they passed her by. However, everyday life with her doesn't seem to be just peaceful."
3390 | Inspired by the party games Werewolf and Mafia, Town of Salem is a game of murder, mystery and deception.
3391 | An atmospheric vehicle adventure that follows the emotional journey of a boy and his ship as he embarks on a voyage to find a new home.
3392 | Build, automate, and optimize a giant factory on 3D terrain using conveyor belts, trains, chutes, pipes, and airships. Sell your goods to nearby villages to expand their borders, increase happiness, and unlock even better technology!
3393 | Explore and admire while navigate through eerie, surreal environments inspired by the Backrooms lore. Explore this uncanny world lost in time and get lost in the otherworldly architecture in a world where reality bends and your sanity is tested.
3394 | Weave your own story in this dark fairy tale. In the mysterious ancient ruins, you will adventure with Tania to reveal her origins and fate. Is there any chance of survival in the darkest and desperate place?
3395 | ANOMALY AGENT is a cyberpunk action-adventure featuring fluid combat, a time-bending story, quirky characters and a catchy synthwave soundtrack! Punch or shoot through mobs of enemies, impact the story with your choices and stop the anomalies before the world plunges into chaos!
3396 | After society was ripped apart by undead hands, pockets of civilization emerge from the chaos. But at what cost? Can the living be trusted on this new frontier?
3397 | Just you and your bike - take it on a thrilling ride down an unspoiled mountain landscape. Make your way through thick forests, narrow trails and wild rivers. Race, jump, slide and try not to crash - all the way from the peak to the valley!
3398 | Dive into a world of epic adventure! Create your perfect hero thanks to a uniquely customizable class system. Collect, craft, and customize your gear. Go it alone or group up to challenge dungeons, raids, dynamic open-world content, and your fellow players.
3399 | Shadow Warrior 2 is the stunning evolution of Flying Wild Hog’s offbeat first-person shooter starring the brash warrior Lo Wang, who must again wield a devastating combination of guns, blades, magic and wit to strike down the demonic legions overwhelming the world.
3400 | The acclaimed gay dating sim. Have a sweet, sexy, or bizarrely comedic adventure with the man of your choice!
3401 | Play in this expertly voiced interactive visual novel as you choose the path forward during the period of a snowed in week. In addition to the main five day story the game includes individual extended endings, character side stories, and blooper reels as well as multiple endings! Your choices tell the story.
"3402 | Moving Out is a ridiculous physics-based moving simulator that brings new meaning to ""couch co-op""! Are you ready for an exciting career in furniture? As a newly certified Furniture Arrangement & Relocation Technician, you’ll take on moving jobs all across the busy town of Packmore."
3403 | Outlanders is a town-building strategy game, populated by hard-working, charming folk in search of a simpler life. Some just want to survive off the land, others want to create amazing things.
3404 | Underrail is an old school turn-based isometric indie role playing game that focuses on exploration and combat. The game is set in a distant future, when the life on the Earth’s surface has long since been made impossible and the remnants of humanity now dwell in the Underrail, a vast system of metro station-states that, it seems, are...
3405 | Lead your own DnD-like adventuring party on an epic adventure narrated by Laura Bailey. Invite your friends for free to the group with the Friends Pass, or strike out on your own. Cooperation, betrayal, and the luck of the dice… what wild escapades will you and your teammates get up to?
3406 | Own the studio. Run the studio. Make the movies. Play Hollywood Mogul 4 and run your own Hollywood movie studio in a complex, immersive, business strategy simulation that is TEXT-BASED with NO GRAPHICS and MINIMAL SOUND.
3407 | Collect the best vehicles in the Hot Wheels™ universe, build spectacular tracks and dive into breathtaking races.
3408 | My Sexy Neighbor 🔞 offers a unique mix of stealth-action gameplay, intricate story and hot adult content - try yourself as a voyeur stalking his hottie neighbor Lola. Be smart and sneaky on your way to getting what you want the most!
3409 | The official adaptation of the famous board game Carcassonne! A modern classic tile-placement game based on the award winning game in which the players draw and place a tile with a piece of southern French landscape on it. The player can then decide to place one of his followers, called Meeples.
3410 | Touge Shakai (Mountain Pass Society) is an online Touge Racing Game based on Japanese car culture in the 90s. With an emphasis on balance between realism and fun gameplay, the physics are tailored for competitive drift racing, while giving a challenge to all players.
3411 | Grimlord is a Dark Fantasy Action Souls-like RPG - on VR. Awakened in a monastery deep in the Lonely Mountains, you walk in an epic quest as the adventurer standing before the darkness and striving for the light against the tyrannical Grim Lord.
3412 | A Giant Strategy Sandbox experience set in Warlord China. *Tons of playable factions! *Communist insurgents, * Boxers like rebels, *Greedy warlords, *Mongol riders, *A mad russian baron, *Shanghai gangsters, *And armored trains!
3413 | Sasha is a spunky internet streamer who finds herself transported to a fantasy kingdom where lewd acts are forbidden. Armed with a set of magical, curse-breaking scissors, Sasha must cut away the shackles of repression and lead a sexual revolution to save the world!
3414 | Survive the Nights is a unique FPS survival game focusing on teamwork, fortification, creativity & strategy. Secure a structure or roam free, the choice is yours. Gameplay focuses on realistic survival, post zombie infestation. Prepare during the day for nightfall. How many nights will you survive?
3415 | Become a sports director, take part in the world's top cycling races and lead your riders to victory. Set race objectives, negotiate contracts, find new sponsors and build your team season after season.
3416 | Control the strings of fate and embark on a grand adventure with Drev and Nieve. A magical, story-driven 2.5D puzzle-platformer where puppeteering mechanics and a whimsical, theater-inspired world intertwine.
3417 | A noir adventure spanning time and space. When a love triangle between cosmic beings becomes a bitter confrontation, you'll witness a gunshot fired by a jealous god—otherwise known as The Big Bang. Jump into the expanding universe and search for a way to destroy creation and save your love.
3418 | Car Detailing Simulator, you get a chance to renew any car and restore its splendor at the request of demanding customers! A nice and well-groomed vehicle can be the pride of every human being! Clean, polish and marvel at your creations in this highly realistic game where every little detail counts!
3419 | Experience the quiet terror of this 1-bit love letter to Junji Ito and H.P. Lovecraft. Navigate a hellish roguelite reality with turn-based combat and unforgiving choices. Experiment with your deck of event cards to discover new forms of cosmic horror in every playthrough. The inevitable awaits...
3420 | Stardew Valley meets Pokémon! Experience a content-rich JRPG game inspired by the classics! Raise cute blob creatures, take care of your farm and make friends with the people of Clover Town.
3421 | Discover a vast alien world. Fight the ferocious local fauna and killer machines. Reveal its secrets and find a way to escape. The Mobius Machine is a side-scroller action adventure, with an emphasis on free-form exploration and intense combat.
3422 | Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, winner of multiple E3 awards as the best game in its genre, is the continuation of a saga that began in the award-winning The Longest Journey, considered to be one of the finest adventure games ever made.
3423 | Jennifer's adventures continue in Season 2. You will remain at the helm of her life and you will be able to set her on a good path or definitely lead her into a world of unparalleled corruption...
3424 | Lose yourself in the mystery of Phoenix Springs – a modern point-and-click set in a cryptic neo-noir world. It begins with an investigation: find your brother Leo. You already know where it ends.
3425 | A Psychic Odyssey Through the Minds of Misfits, Monsters, and Madmen. This classic action/adventure platformer from acclaimed developers Double Fine Productions follows the story of a young psychic named Razputin.
3426 | Play solo or with up to 16 friends in a chaotic grocery store showdown! Manage, grow, and compete against rival stores in a fun, lighthearted battle of wits and strategy. Who will be the ultimate grocery tycoon? Sabotage, upgrade, and outwit your friends in this unpredictable simulator!
3427 | Steel Division: Normandy is a tactical real-time strategy (RTS) game that pits players against AI enemies in a single-player campaign -- or against several opponents in massive 10-on-10 multiplayer battles.
3428 | Armed with your investigative skills and the tools of the Blade Runner trade, you'll be immersed in a world that lives and breathes around you with breakthrough lighting and visual effects. Your ability to survive will be put to the test in the richest game environment ever created.
3429 | The queen may have Fiara's protection, but the Misty Forest is a dangerous place. Any mistake could cause the queen and her captors to appear in massive Live2D animated CGs. You may even be forced to participate...
3430 | Defend your castle in this fast-paced tower defense/action hybrid game with stunning pixel art graphics! Play as alchemically enhanced warrior Bellator, set traps, build towers, craft powerful weapons, and defend your home! The fate of the castle lies in your hands!
3431 | Artisan TD is a puzzle-oriented Tower Defense game where you must survive by building mazes.
3432 | Help the Grand Mage Shalith escape captivity in this rogue-lite adventure! Suffer the consequences of defeat with animated interactive H-scenes and detailed CGs! Will you lead her to escape or humiliation?
3433 | The next major game in the Planetary Annihilation universe, Industrial Annihilation combines the iconic real-time strategy of the beloved Annihilation games with deep factory-building to deliver a blend of genres unlike any you’ve experienced before.
3434 | Discover a brand new RPG from the creators of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. Facing an imminent invasion, Meve — war-veteran and Queen of Lyria and Rivia — is forced to once again enter the warpath and set out on a dark journey of destruction and revenge.
3435 | Axon TD lets you expand the map boundaries themselves. A huge arsenal of towers and a wide variety of enemies clash in a battlefield that grows to your whims. Engage in single, cooperative, and roguelite gameplay.
3436 | In this cozy farming game, you have to run your own farm shop. Take care of your animals and your farm, sell your goods to the cute Forest Folk, upgrade the island and fulfill small orders from the Harmony Tree to fill the island with life again.
3437 | Command the legendary gunship in a high-octane action-roguelite! Engage insurgents with devastating firepower in ever-changing missions. Upgrade your arsenal, adapt to dynamic challenges, and survive relentless waves of enemies. Every run offers new tactics and chaos as you dominate the skies.
3438 | Sandwalkers is a roguelike turn-based exploration game. Build your team, traverse varied hostile environments, face countless dangers, and gain knowledge that will help you find and resurrect the Mother Tree Umama.
3439 | Remnant Records is a horror investigation game for 1 to 4 players. Explore places haunted by the dead, survive elaborate and unique ghosts and find out what happened to them through thousands of generated stories.
3440 | BattleGroupVR is a first person real-time space strategy where you lead a fleet of powerful warships into battle from the bridge of your own flagship. Assemble your fleet, upgrade your load-outs, train your captains, engage the enemy and secure the sector. Try not to go down with the ship.
"3441 | A gothic suspense tale set in a cursed mansion. ""The House in Fata Morgana"" is a full-length visual novel spanning nearly a millennium that deals in tragedy, human nature, and insanity."
3442 | DEATHLOOP is a next-gen FPS from Arkane Lyon, the award-winning studio behind Dishonored. In DEATHLOOP, two rival assassins are trapped in a mysterious timeloop on the island of Blackreef, doomed to repeat the same day for eternity.
3443 | Cornered with nowhere else to turn, can you escape the monster-filled mansion? Dead Estate is a gory, fast-paced, challenging roguelike shooter with a heavy emphasis on horror.
3444 | Customize your BMX and dive into a giant open world wich include Bike Parks from all around the world waiting for you.Can't find your favorite spot? Create it by yourself in our park editor.Don't wait any longer and come to prove you're a true Rider!
3445 | Having a HARD Time is an erotic visual novel that tells the story of a young girl whose life gets turned upside down after a science experiment goes terribly wrong. Help her deal with the consequences and navigate through a college life filled with tough decisions and a beautiful cast of characters.
3446 | Play a brand-new story set across 4 interactive adventures, explore iconic locations, play your favourite games from the TV show and also play with your friends and family in local multiplayer.
3447 | Witness the amazing evolution of the genre-defining strategy game as it becomes a next-generation phenomenon, melding classic deep fantasy with next-generation visuals and gameplay. In the renowned Might & Magic universe, demon swarms spread chaos over the land in a relentless assault.
3448 | Can you survive 1000 rooms of cute terror? Or will you break once the cuteness starts to fade off and you're running for your life from the unspeakable hideous beings that shake and writhe in bowels of this house? They wait for you, they wait and hunger for meeting you.
3449 | Welcome to an old, ruined train station. A place that will give you a lot of fun! In Train Station Renovation you play as a renovation company specialized in restoring old and damaged railway stations.
"3450 | Congratulations, contractor! You've been approved to trial our cutting-edge AI visor. Use it to explore the Neuras lab and recover the staff's research. Your visor is safe, reliable, and up to 99% accurate. Just don't ask why the ""ketchup"" in the corner makes such a horrible crunching sound."
3451 | Prove your strength of mind and spirit and you just may be crowned Caesar!
3452 | Revive the Cold War in this classic strategy game—easy to pick up, yet challenging and deep, offering endless replayability.
3453 | Step into the wild world of NightClub Simulator VR! Experience an exclusive party where you can dance, mingle, fight, or flirt your way through a chaotic nightclub scene. Interact with lifelike NPCs, build relationships, cause a little mayhem, or just enjoy the music. Your night, your rules.
3454 | Swear your oath as a GOD EATER and drive back the supernatural harbingers of Earth’s destruction. Buy GOD EATER 2 Rage Burst and get GOD EATER Resurrection FOR FREE
3455 | Draft minions to defeat all who oppose the noble art of necromancy. Wield spells, discover dark relics, and reclaim your castle to unite the land through undeath in this unholy amalgam of roguelike, deckbuilder, and autobattler.
3456 | Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six makes its next-generation hardware debut in the most dramatic installment of the renowned first-person shooter franchise to date. Rainbow operatives take to the chaotic streets of Las Vegas as an escalating terrorist siege in 'Sin City' threatens to take world terrorism to new, uncontrollable heights.
3457 | Take your rightful place on the throne in this political party game for 4+ players. Rule the kingdom with an iron fist or silver tongue as you steer through bloodshed, intrigue & madcap disaster! Can you keep your crown when others plot your downfall? More importantly, can you keep your head?
3458 | HROT is a single-player retro FPS set in a small socialist country neighboring Soviet Union (Czechoslovakia) after an unspecified disaster in 1986. Those times were dark and terrifying and so is the game.
3459 | Haydee II is a third-person puzzle-shooter, but with a sexy character and a cake!
3460 | Design your dream space station in Space Architect! Master the power of automation or 'hire' an army of crewmates to handle your ever-growing production. Mine asteroids, fabricate goods, and engage in interstellar trade to pay off the menacing Big Evil Corp. Will you thrive in the vastness of space?
3461 | Play the enhanced version of the original game released on the Nintendo 64 in 1997. Years have passed since you stopped Hell’s invasion of Earth. Quarantined for humanity’s safety, the UAC research facilities on Mars were abandoned and forgotten...until now.
3462 | Fish Game is a detailed and highly “sofishticated” freshwater aquarium simulator, lovingly crafted *by* enthusiasts *for* enthusiasts! Featuring fish with personalities and dynamic relationships, water quality modeling, and so much more! Made with support from our friends at Smarter Every Day!
3463 | Leap Year is a clumsy platformer about knowledge and discovery. Explore a compact, hand drawn world filled with hidden paths. Understand the game’s secrets to reach new areas and collect all the pages of your calendar.
3464 | Build your dream shopping empire from the ground up! Design, decorate, and attract top tenants. Keep customers thrilled, maximize profits, and dominate the industry. Can you become the ultimate shopping center tycoon? Start now and watch your empire thrive!
3465 | Join Queen as she travels into foreign land to start her own business, a brothel.
3466 | Erotic dating sim about relationship and desire. Help Tracy with the household chores, take care of your baby, earn money and spoil her with your kindness. Rediscover the pleasure of sex and have kinky experiences with her.
3467 | Family Guy, Bob's Burgers, Futurama, American Dad, King of the Hill, and Archer join forces in Animation Throwdown, your favorite new collectible card game. Collect your favorite characters, combine cards to make hilarious combos, and battle your way through an adventure of animated proportions.
3468 | Brutal fast-paced isometric Co-op Loot Shooter in Cyberpunk world. Equipment-based combos. Exotic Weapons and Armor. Easy to start, hard to master. Play solo or with friends.
3469 | The first visual novel game of Love Live! Nijigasaki High School Idol Club!
3470 | Marissa Marcel was a film star. She made three movies. But none of the movies were ever released. And Marissa Marcel disappeared. An interactive trilogy from Sam Barlow, creator of Her Story.
3471 | Terraform Mars in this turn-based colony builder and resource management game with roguelike elements. Explore the planet, develop spectacular cities, spread life and turn the Red Planet into a green one!
3472 | 60 Seconds! is a dark comedy atomic adventure of scavenge and survival. Collect supplies and rescue your family before the nuke hits. Stay alive in your fallout shelter. Make difficult decisions, ration food and hunt mutant cockroaches. And maybe survive. Or not.
3473 | A 2D exploration adventure game set in a creepy, mysterious art gallery.
"3474 | Days in Palis is an immersive visual novel set in the fictional metropolis of ""Palis."" Players will experience passionate love stories and complex relationships centered around three female protagonists. By unlocking the plot, you'll gain a deeper understanding of their inner worlds."
3475 | Harvest resources to build a village of woodland critters in this adaptation of the award-winning tabletop board game!
3476 | Picking up shortly after The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, Estelle travels across Liberl in search of Joshua. The journey involves more than seeking loved ones, however, as the Bracer Guild also tasks her with unraveling the mysteries behind the newly unveiled Society of Ouroboros.
3477 | Command your elven army and defend mystical lands from sea serpents, evil sorcerers, and wave after wave of gnoll tribesman, all with the help of brand-spankin’ new towers, heroes, and spells to fend off every last baddie.
3478 | The Gnosia lie. Pretending to be human, they’ll get in close, trick and deceive, and then eliminate one victim at a time...
3479 | Rival Stars Horse Racing: VR Edition is an immersive simulation game where you can become an equestrian champion from the comfort of your home. Raise, care for, and bond with your dream horses on a scenic ranch, then experience the thrill of the race track and the joy of horse riding!
3480 | Evil Hex has cursed Europe – and only Ben 10 can stop him! Explore a 3D world filled with combat, puzzles and secrets as you save the day!
3481 | Big Brother has arrived - and it’s you. Investigate the lives of citizens to find those responsible for a series of terror attacks. Information from the internet, personal communications and private files are all accessible to you. But, be warned, the information you supply will have consequences.
3482 | Overwhelmingly bizarre beauty. Shoot, dodge, and destroy! A shmup where an apocalyptic world awakens to primal desires!
3483 | In this paranormal point-and-click adventure, a traveling salesman races to stop a string of horrific deaths in a quiet seaside town—before he’s next.
3484 | The elders have entrusted you, an elite vampire courier, to deliver their secrets. Can you outrun the hunters, the other drivers, and the rising sun?
3485 | Ready for the aggressive, adrenaline-filled ride that leaves you breathless? FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage Collector's Edition is all about destructive action. With carnage modes like the Deathmatch derby, Carnage Race and Head-on races are pure wreck-filled, adrenaline-pumping rides of maximum mayhem.
3486 | GORN is a ludicrously violent VR gladiator simulator, made by Free Lives, the developers of Broforce and Genital Jousting.
3487 | An existential platformer where Doomsday is just around the corner. Save the world or become an eternal corporate slave for the God of Death. Choices matter. Or do they? Goof around and find out.
3488 | Join machine hunter Aloy as she leads a colourful crew of heroes on a quest to save the world and learn the secrets of her past. Dive into boundless adventure, customize to your heart’s content, and take on action-packed battles solo or with friends.
3489 | Kill It With Fire is a first-person action game about hunting spiders and causing collateral damage.
3490 | Become the mayor and build the city of your dreams! In this game, anything is possible. Whatever you can imagine in a city-building and development simulator, you can do. Start from the very beginning and unlock new possibilities for developing your city in Global City!
3491 | Battle enemies to free the corrupted! Or join them and become a slave to your lust! Will you lend them a helping hand? Or will you make everyone succumb to their pleasures?
3492 | The End of the Sun is a first-person, story-driven mystery adventure set in a Slavic fantasy world. As the ashter, a sage sorcerer gifted with the ability to travel in time, you come to a mysterious village where the line between myth and reality begins to fade perilously.
3493 | FIREWORKS MANIA is a small casual explosive simulator game where you play around with fireworks, create beautiful firework shows or just blow stuff up.
"3494 | The definitive edition of the Atelier ""Mysterious"" series at a new price, with brand new content and various DLCs! ""Atelier Lydie & Suelle"" is the 3rd instalment: after discovering a mysterious painting, Lydie & Suelle get closer to their dream of running the best atelier."
3495 | Return of the Classic, now remastered! Battle Realms is a fantasy RTS inspired by the stories told in martial- arts movies and oriental mythology. Develop your peasants into a highly trained and deadly efficient clan of warriors who are ready to die with your name on their lips.
3496 | GridRoad is a traffic optimisation puzzle/simulation game. Build roads, place roadsigns and tweak traffic lights to build the most efficient traffic junction!
3497 | In Project Winter, survival is just the beginning. Work with your friends to escape the icy wilderness, but don’t get too comfortable. Traitors lurk among you, ready to lie, sabotage, and turn even the closest of friends against each other. Who will you trust?
"3498 | In OPERATOR, you will play as an elite ""Tier 1"" operator undergoing dangerous clandestine operations all over the globe. With a strategic, measured, and unforgiving style of gameplay. You are the tactical advantage, Good luck."
3499 | Click Mage is a unique 2D resource gatherer and building game. Mine and process resources, upgrade your clicking power and construct buildings on an idyllic island with beautiful pixel art graphics.
3500 | Imagine you're a 12 year old, suddenly in charge of the guard shed at the castle gate, where you decide if elves, goblins and 100+ other characters should be admitted. It's a wonderful combination of deduction, narrative and puzzle games.
3501 | The multi award-winning Action RPG. Some say 'Diablo with Cats' others a 'Super-cute Skyrim', whatever your take, Cat Quest's loot-fuelled cat-venture is as beautifully crafted, as its combat and magic are ultra-satisfying. Universally adored by critics - it'll have you purring for joy!
3502 | A reverse-detective adventure, where you control your character's face
3503 | Return to an apocalyptic Earth in Darksiders III, a hack-n-slash Action Adventure where players assume the role of FURY in her quest to hunt down and dispose of the Seven Deadly Sins. The most enigmatic of the Four Horsemen, FURY must bring balance to the forces that now ravage Earth.
3504 | Vermintide is an epic co-operative action combat adventure set in the End Times of the iconic Warhammer Fantasy world.
3505 | VoidBound is a sci-fi ero tactics RPG where you play as an engineer on a mission to free the Earth after it’s caught in the crossfire of an intergalactic alien war.
3506 | Explore the galaxy on your quest, make allies and enemies among the alien races you encounter, and uncover a danger so great that it threatens all of creation.
3507 | Grow your perfect raid team while the game runs! Build and train your squad from 20 unique classes, enhance their power through permanent upgrades, and watch them conquer challenging raids in Raid Auctus.
3508 | Drums Rock is an arcade drums game for VR, follow the rhythm of rock with your drums and smash the demons. Live a unique campaign: with different levels, challenges, songs and worlds. Drums Rock is an ideal game to feel like a rock hero, while destroying hordes of demons to the rhythm of rock!
3509 | Shadow Tactics is a hardcore tactical stealth game set in Japan around the Edo period. A new Shogun seizes power over Japan and enforces nationwide peace. In his battle against conspiracy and rebellion, he recruits five specialists with extraordinary skills for assassination, sabotage and espionage.
3510 | Pilfer from pirates, conspire with cardinals and perform miracles with an incompetent magician. The Procession to Calvary is a Pythonesque adventure game made from Renaissance paintings, and a spiritual successor to the critically acclaimed Four Last Things.
3511 | A massive-scale real-time strategy game where you command entire armies on a dynamic battlefield. Conquer multiple worlds across several single-player campaigns; or play with your friends in multiplayer combat.
3512 | Node Farm is a game about building a fully automated farm using nodes. Connect nodes, harvest and sell veggies, buy new islands, discover new nodes, and automate the process - all in a cozy farm simulation formula!
3513 | A relaxing life-sim that lives on the bottom of your screen while you do other things.
3514 | Even you can become a great artist! Wrestle subjectivity as you attempt to sell your art to rude customers in order to progress in this confusing art scene. The only thing threatening you is your expensive wine and baguette addiction! Will your art end up in the Louvre or on your parents' fridge?
3515 | Embark on a magical journey in this captivating life simulation game. Escape to a welcoming valley, farm with spells, and master skills like fishing, crafting, and cooking. Engage in epic battles, strengthen the bonds with your companions, and build your dream home to achieve Immortal Life!
3516 | The second release in the Arland series. In a search for her missing mother, Totori tours the world of Arland as an adventurer accompanied by her friends. Use Synthesis, Explore, and Battle to fulfil requests, raise her rank as an adventurer and venture into brand new lands.
3517 | You and your friend are trapped in a mystical world. As time ebbs away you must solve increasingly complex puzzles to escape. Cooperation is key as neither of you have the full picture! Play on two devices, local or remotely, all you need is a voice connection.
3518 | Command your troops through an epic (mis)adventure as you defend exotic lands from dragons, man-eating plants, and ghastly denizens of the underworld -all with flashy new towers, levels, heroes, and more goodies to help you crush your foes in this Fantasy Action Tower Defense game!
3519 | Each heroine is a strong warrior in a different branch of the military, and she alone can hold off the approaching armies. What awaits the heroines is either a great victory or a desperate disaster...
3520 | Frankie's FunClub toes the line between horror and NSFW as you navigate the abandoned FunClub and avoid threats from the girls left behind there. Sneak, loot, and FUCK your way to a better life with copious scenes and loops available for you to find and unlock for a thrill!
3521 | Estate Agent Simulator lets you enter the exciting world of the real estate market. You can buy, decorate, advertise, rent or sell houses. You can buy vacant land and build houses. Environmental factors will affect the rental prices of houses.
3522 | Terraform a lifeless rock into a lush and habitable world. Build trucks, trains and sprawling factories on an enormous hexagonal planet. Grow its population to millions. Enjoy a dynamic simulation of atmosphere, temperature, water and forests.
"3523 | Play as Trane, a ""toy"" graffiti artist with the street smarts, athletic prowess and vision to become an ""All City King"" - the most reputable of all graffiti artists. Along your quest, uncover the mayor's deep, dark secret and use your fighting talents and high-wire graffiti to expose the city's leader as a corrupt..."
3524 | Experience the epic space strategy games that redefined the RTS genre. Control your fleet and build an armada across more than 30 single-player missions. Choose unit types, fleet formations and flight tactics for each strategic situation.
3525 | Swordsman is a realistic sword-fighting game. Customize your warrior, battle different factions in epic arenas, and defeat powerful enemies to unlock their special boss weapons on your journey to save the world from evil.
3526 | In the dark days of the end of World War 2 amidst the ruins of Berlin, one bullet can change history… Elite sniper Karl Fairburne returns to the front line in the remaster of this award-winning stealth-action experience. Packed with new features, contemporary visuals and definitive content.
3527 | A rainy night brings you to a small bar. When you step inside, you're met with soothing music. Your eyes land on a beautiful woman by the counter. Get to know Michiru and share your story with her. This unforgettable evening will be etched into your memory forever.
3528 | Steal everything. Even the people. The Break-In lets you take whatever you want, from TVs to fridges to toilets. And all in 1-4 player co-op, VR and non VR. Select your getaway vehicle, anything from a bicycle to a stolen police van, and load up with gear like hammers and rocket boosters, and steal.
3529 | Broforce is an action-packed side-scrolling run ‘n’ gun ode to freedom, putting you in control of an under-funded, overpowered paramilitary organization dealing exclusively in excessive force.
3530 | 60 Parsecs! is an Atomic Space Age adventure of scavenge and survival. Keep your crew alive and ready for action. Make difficult choices, face soup shortages and other horrors of outer space. And maybe reach your destination. Or not.
3531 | CRYMACHINA is an action RPG where mechanical girls strive to survive in a post-apocalyptic world to become “Real Humans''. But what does it mean to be a “Real Human”?
3532 | Ghost Watchers is a co-op online horror game. You will explore and hunt ghosts in abandoned houses
3533 | SLUDGE LIFE 2 is the grimiest first-person vandalism sim since the first SLUDGE LIFE—but, like, twice as dense. Explore a huger, weirder, gnarlier open world loaded with secrets, weirdos, jokes, and, of course, plenty of spots to tag.
3534 | Mr.President! Can you take a bullet for the soon to be President of the United States of America?! You play as Dick “Rock-Hard” Johnson a bulletproof man, the best bodyguard money can buy. He is sworn to protect the most hated presidential candidate of all time Ronald Rump.
3535 | Secret World Legends is a story-driven, shared-world action RPG that plunges players into a shadowy war against the supernatural, where ancient myths and legends cross over into the modern day.
3536 | Live your medieval trader life! Buy low, sell high and explore the world! Buy ships, build businesses, find or train captains. Deal with pirates, manipulate mayors and challenge traders. React to hundreds of events that shape your very own procedurally-generated world!
3537 | The buns... you HAVE to capture them!! Think outside the bunburrow or get outsmarted by bunnies in this cute pathfinding-based puzzle game!
3538 | Ghost of a Tale is an action-RPG game in which you play as Tilo, a mouse and minstrel thrown into a perilous adventure. Through stealth and cunning you’ll be able to explore the secrets of Dwindling Heights Keep and navigate its dangers.
3539 | Anomaly Zone is an open world MMORPG and a post-apocalyptic shooter. Be a scientist, a soldier, a hunter or an engineer. Explore anomalous territories, search for artifacts, fight mutants and other players. Participate in mass PvP and PvE battles. The Zone is waiting!
3540 | Ooblets is a relaxing and offbeat farming, town life, and creature collection game. Manage your farm, grow and train your ooblets, explore strange lands, and have dance-offs!
3541 | Castlevania: Lords of Shadow – Ultimate Edition is the complete edition of Castlevania: Lords of Shadow, a dark and vivid new re-imagining of the Castlevania mythology. It is the end of days and ungodly powers isolate the Earth.
3542 | Discover the original co-op shooter-looter, crammed with new enhancements! As one of 4 trigger-happy mercenaries with RPG progression, equip bazillions of guns to take on the desert planet Pandora.
3543 | In Ghost Recon Future Soldier join an elite team of highly trained, cut-throat special-ops soldiers. Armed to the teeth with unrivalled combat technology, Ghost Recon takes you to the globe’s most deadly warzones to hunt down the highest value targets.
3544 | The Nameless: Slay Dragon is a gamebook-adventure flavored turn-based RPG In short - how to slay the immensely powerful and cunning evil dragon? You will play as a young man having a bloody feud with a dragon, and face powerful, sinister and tricky enemies with friends....
3545 | Create an original world and fill it with buildings, roads, vehicles and more. Give it life with posable characters. Tell a story with custom speech bubbles and in-game photo captures. Then, share with friends!
3546 | Become the ultimate chef in VR! Take control of a highly polished, realistic kitchen equipped with all kinds of utensils and stands. Unlock and master over 80 recipes or use dozens of lifelike ingredients to cook everything you like. A simulator spiced up with a dash of real-life physics!
3547 | In a world where the more a knight achieves, the more wives he can obtain, a young man sets off on an adventure with lust in his heart. Walk the land, sail the seas, fly through the sky! It's a sex-seeking, world-traversing RPG!
3548 | The Sapling is a short simulation game where you design your own plants and animals, and put them in a world together. Or you turn on random mutations, and see what evolution does to your ecosystem!
3549 | Guns of Fury is a retro-inspired action platformer that combines the run & gun and Metroidvania genres. Explore a vast interconnected world, gain new abilities and weapons, battle epic bosses and stop the plans of an evil corporation before it’s too late!
3550 | Unleash your engineering creativity with an engaging and fresh bridge-building simulator with all the bells and whistles. Enjoy hours of physics-based puzzle solving in the Campaign and then jump in the Sandbox to create your own bridge designs and puzzles!
3551 | Rediscover gravity and explore an Escher-esque world of impossible architecture. Witness infinity in first-person and master its rules to solve physics-defying puzzles. Cultivate a garden to open new paths forward, where an eternal expanse awaits.
3552 | Wannabe pirate Guybrush Threepwood, and the now zombie pirate LeChuck, return in what has long been considered one of the greatest LucasArts adventure games of all time.
3553 | Enter a world of mystery, danger, ancient dinosaurs, mythical beasts, and cubes! Work by yourself or with a tribe of others to gather materials, craft useful items, tame wild creatures, and build huge bases to survive in PixARK!
3554 | Climb a surreal mountain on a pogo stick and make friends along the way.
3555 | Bright Memory: Infinite is an all-new lightning-fast fusion of the FPS and action genres, created by FYQD-Studio. Combine a wide variety of skills and abilities to unleash dazzling combo attacks.
3556 | Powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology, RAGE is an intense first-person shooter with breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore, and jaw-dropping graphics!
3557 | Run your own toy store! Arrange shelves, set prices, process payments, and manage staff. Expand and design your shop, handle online orders, deliver with a scooter, trade rare toys, and ensure security. Create a magical shopping experience in Toy Shop Simulator!
3558 | Pilot drones into derelict spaceships to find the means to survive and piece together how the universe became a giant graveyard.
3559 | LIGHTNING STRIKES AGAIN!! XENOTILT, the sequel to the cult hit, DEMON'S TILT. Get ready for another PINBALL FANTASY. XENOTILT shreds the envelope with face-melting gameplay & graphics.
3560 | In this Visual Novel you play the role of a 20 years old guy, who just moved to another city where he starts a new life. Be careful because every choice matters and you can either become the hero of the story or the villain. The choice is yours.
3561 | Cartel Tycoon is a survival business sim inspired by the ‘80s and '90s narco trade. Expand and conquer, fight off rival thugs and evade the authorities. Earn people's loyalty and strive to overcome the doomed fate of a power-hungry drug lord.
3562 | War has been waged across the kingdom of Myrtana. Orcish hordes invaded human territory and the king of the land needed a lot of ore to forge enough weapons, should his army stand against this threat. Whoever breaks the law in these darkest of times is sentenced to serve in the giant penal colony of Khorinis, mining the so much needed...
3563 | A retro FPS for the ages! Once branded a HERETIC. Now YOU have been chosen as our champion! Reclaim our sacred weapons. Take back our ancient lands. If you can stand... AMID EVIL.
3564 | Bum Simulator is a sandbox game bursting with inappropriate humor and memorable characters. You live on the streets of Bumsville. Do you have what it takes to adapt, survive and become an urban legend?
3565 | Koji Igarashi and Inti Creates are back with more retro sword-and-whip action! Curse of the Moon 2 brings classic 2D action and a dark, 8-bit aesthetic together with modern playability.
3566 | It is a time of great upheaval. The first Death Star has been destroyed, marking a major victory for the Rebellion. But the Empire remains strong. As commander, you must choose to take control of either the Rebel Alliance or the Galactic Empire. Your goal: complete domination of the galaxy.
3567 | Voxel Project offers an immersive sandbox experience set in a fully destructible voxel environment. Explore a dynamic world teeming with vehicles, dynamic fire mechanics, enemy NPCs, voxel gore, weapon customization, and a bunch of additional features to discover.
3568 | Rogue Waters is a Pirate Tactical Turn-Based Rogue-lite. Play as Captain Cutter, commanding your ship and crew through procedurally generated encounters to seek revenge. Recruit, train, and upgrade crew, use powerful sea creatures, and engage in dynamic naval and melee combat to gain the upper hand.
3569 | The beloved block-building RPG, DRAGON QUEST BUILDERS, is bringing its handy crafting features to Steam! Weave your own tale as you build your own unique buildings and towns to restore Alefgard to it's former glory!
3570 | Experience the drive of your life as you throw yourself around on and off the track causing fences to shatter, tyre walls explode, water tanks and barrels fly across the track into other cars.
3571 | Swords & Souls: Neverseen is a unique RPG where leveling up takes skill! Create, train and upgrade your character as you please, discover The Neverseen and its eccentric locals, and battle across the lands to foil an evil witch's plans!
3572 | Hiyori lives a very quiet and lonely life, but she decides enough is enough... She wants to change! And everything indeed changes when a spirit visits her and installs a strange app on her phone! The clock's ticking now... There are 90 days left!
3573 | Hack & slash against the dark forces threatening your home-world. Experience intense tactical fights in this fast paced, old school action RPG.
3574 | Infinite is a modern era paintball game that aims to capture the real world aspects of tournament style paintball. Featuring X-Ball format of up to 10V10, Online and Offline Play, markers set to 10.5 ramping, slide or dive into your bunker and engage in competitive matches
3575 | In Silence is a multiplayer horror game. One player takes on the role of the monster who has hypersensitive hearing abilities and is almost completely blind. The other players(2-6) play as survivors, trying to escape or hunting the monster.
3576 | You’ve tossed, burned and sliced them by the thousands – now orcs must die more than ever before! Grab a friend and slay orcs in untold numbers in this sequel to the 2011 AIAS Strategy Game of the Year from Robot Entertainment.
3577 | Enter the world of a HITMAN - a world of crime, sin and greed. Delve into the mind of Agent 47 and encounter his greatest adversaries, completing the work that made him so brutally efficient and shaped him as an assassin. Eliminate your targets by any means necessary. There are no rules... only the contract, signed in blood.
3578 | Call of Duty® delivers the gritty realism and cinematic intensity of World War II's epic battlefield moments like never before.
3579 | Tiny Garden lets you grow a pocket-sized garden inside a magical toy passed down through generations. Nurture plants, trade them for furniture, and customize your space in this relaxing mix of farming, puzzles, and strategy. No scores or time limits — let your creativity bloom!
3580 | Worldless is a stylised 2D platformer with a unique, active, turn-based combat system, and a mind-bending interpretative narrative. Players embark on a journey of self-growth and understanding, pushing the limits of their nature in a newly born and abstract universe.
3581 | It’s time to jump into a groundbreaking off-road arcade racing game, packed with thrilling sprints and unique tricks. Get behind the wheel of the most iconic Monster Jam™ trucks ever, and show your skills in several game modes!
3582 | Turnip Boy is back! This time he’s teaming up with the fearsome Pickled Gang to plan and execute the weirdest heist of all time. Shake down hostages, steal precious valuables, battle the fuzz, and use wacky tools bought off the dark web to move further into the vaults of the Botanical Bank.
3583 | Players throw questions at an AI and deduce the correct answers in this competitive multiplayer game. Compete based on your accuracy rate. Have fun with friends while testing your deductive skills and aim to become the ultimate knowledge champion!
"3584 | Welcome to the seductive and perilous world of ""Revenge of Black Bone,"" the eagerly awaited sequel to the smash hit game ""Curse of Black Bone."" Set sail once more for the sun-kissed shores of Port Royal, where treasures gleam, mysteries whisper, and beautiful women captivate."
3585 | So.... got what it takes to be a X Slayer?!?... 7 weapons, blood and gore, twisted music by Seepage & Psyko Syndikate, and maps where you can blow up everything. its awesome. started making it in 1998 in high school with my friend and now im 37, so i have life experience now.
3586 | TROUBLESHOOTER: Abandoned Children is the first season of a turn-based strategy SRPG that takes place in the world of Troubleshooter.
3587 | Might & Magic® Heroes® VII makes a triumphant return bringing you the essence of turn based strategy gaming. Set in a fantasy universe with RPG progression with a strong story narrative, you will embark on a journey that you will never forget!
3588 | Doll Impostor is a horror game where 1-4 players take on the role of guardians of possessed dolls. Work together to identify the impostor doll before 9 a.m, or face dire consequences. Every hour counts in this tense, fear-filled race against time.
3589 | Yaoling: Mythical Journey is a creature collecting Eastern fantasy RPG featuring an world filled with rich stories and unique Yaolings. Tasked to uncover a mysterious evil, you embark on a journey with your Yaolings, forming new friendships, engage in intense battles, and face countless challenges!
3590 | Before We Leave is a city building game set in a cozy corner of the universe. Nurture your Peeps and their surroundings while rebuilding and rediscovering civilisation. Settle new lands and planets while avoiding hungry Space Whales.
3591 | Discover a digital realm shrouded in mystery. Sequel to an award-winning narrative driven hacking simulator puzzle game. Play as an AI assistant in a major corporation. Deploy intricate social engineering tactics and expose hidden truths in a world of ambition and high-tech deception.
3592 | In PHOGS! you play as a duo of dogs on a captivating, puzzle-filled adventure. Linked by a stretchy belly, you’ll need to bark, bite and bounce your way through obstacles set across the themed worlds of Food, Sleep and Play, in co-op or single-player.
3593 | Dungeon of the ENDLESS™ is a Rogue-Like Dungeon-Defense game, in which the player and their team of heroes must protect the generator of their crashed ship while exploring an ever-expanding dungeon, all while facing waves of monsters and special events as they try to find their way out...
3594 | A new tale of the Kami awaits... Kunitsu-Gami: Path of the Goddess is a unique Japanese-inspired, single player Kagura Action Strategy game.
3595 | Bless Unleashed is an open-world online game that can be enjoyed with your friends and countless others. Venture out to engage in intense combat while exploring vast regions and treacherous dungeons.
3596 | This is a game that combines match-3, GALGAME elements and beauties. If you want to learn more about those beauties, you need to best them first. How the story goes is choice-based so your choices will ultimately decide their fate.
3597 | Guide two brothers on an epic fairy tale journey from visionary Swedish film director, Josef Fares and top-tier developer Starbreeze Studios. Control both brothers at once as you experience co-op play in single player mode, like never before.
3598 | From the darkness is a psychological horror game with a scary atmosphere, the game takes place in an old Soviet abandoned apartment.
3599 | Become the most celebrated detective of all time: Sherlock Holmes! Use your impressive talents as a detective to solve six thrilling and varied cases: murders, missing persons, spectacular thefts and numerous investigations that sometimes lead you into the realms of the fantastic.
3600 | Gain new vocab while playing a game! Learn 1,000+ words & phrases in a world that regains color as you learn. Test your skills with mini-games and talk to the local villagers. Learn Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Spanish, & more…
3601 | Lead your hive to victory in 'Buggos', an RTS Auto Battler! Customize your swarm with 120+ evolutions and conquer humanity. Strategy meets bug chaos!
3602 | For the first time, play as the Orc faction and recruit heroes, build armies and manage cities as you explore and conquer legendary lands. Use tactics, skills and magic to outsmart fantasy armies while developing your heroes and unveiling the dark plot that threatens to tear the world of Ashan apart.
3603 | Salt 2 is an open world pirate game focused on exploration, survival, crafting, and RPG elements. Set sail across an infinite world with just you and your ship. Explore islands filled with quests, caves, towns, pirates, and secrets. Level up skills, craft, hunt, fish, loot, and decorate your ship.
3604 | Tomb Raider: Anniversary retraces Lara Croft's original genre-defining adventure  globe-trotting 3rd person action-adventure in pursuit of the legendary Scion artifact. Using an enhanced 'Tomb Raider: Legend' game engine, the graphics, technology and physics bring Lara's adventure and pursuit of a mystical artifact known only as the...
3605 | Secret Agent Mirai received information that a certain pharmaceutical company is conducting illegal human experiments. She headed to the company to investigate on her own but was captured. In the laboratory, there were numerous sinister-looking machines. What will become of her...!?
3606 | Follow amateur geologist and reluctant detective Nancy Maple to the ghost town of Crimson, Ontario to investigate the discovery of a massive diamond in this retro-inspired, EGA text parser mystery adventure!
3607 | At last, the Dungeon Lord has successfully united the forces of evil and established his dark empire. Time for the next step in his most diabolical quest: expansion!
3608 | eSail Sailing Simulator is an authentic yacht sailing experience with numerous tutorials, sailing, mooring and anchoring modes, charting, challenges, races, Live Sailing mode, 'Learn Yachting with eSail' and more.
3609 | A secluded school might finally be Clementine’s chance for a home, but protecting it will mean sacrifice.
3610 | Step into the Demon’s Mirror and enter a fantastical, nightmarish world in this roguelike deckbuilder! Strategy meets the arcane in a unique fusion of deck-building and chain-3 mechanics. Can you face your demons and come out unscathed?
3611 | In Railway Empire, you will create an elaborate and wide-ranging rail network, purchase over 40 different trains modelled in extraordinary detail, and buy or build railway stations, maintenance buildings, factories and tourist attractions to keep your travel network ahead of the competition.
3612 | Battle with swords and whips in this retro-style action game brought to you by game creator Koji Igarashi and Inti Creates! Play as Zangetsu, a demon slayer bearing a deep grudge, who must travel through perilous lands to defeat a powerful demon lurking in a dark castle.
3613 | Thrown into prison for an act of self-expression, protagonist Shuichiro must confront both a violent system and his own actions—or else try to find happiness on the inside in this visual novel from the makers of NUKITASHI.
3614 | Rediscover the classic gameplay of 1701 A.D. and its expansion The Sunken Dragon in Anno® 1701 History Edition.
3615 | One of the most popular online action games of all time, Team Fortress Classic features over nine character classes -- from Medic to Spy to Demolition Man -- enlisted in a unique style of online team warfare. Each character class possesses unique weapons, items, and abilities, as teams compete online in a variety of game play modes.
3616 | Ultimate Bondage Simulator is an adult-themed escape game where you struggle to break free from restraints in a BDSM-inspired facility. Explore, interact, and survive in a thrilling, kinky world.
3617 | The long awaited sequel to DPS Idle. Collect cards, upgrade cards, defeat monsters, join guilds and recruit heroes. DPS IDLE 2!
3618 | Coordinate firefighters, police, medical personnel and specialists in the classic EMERGENCY 4 Deluxe! Now with the previously untranslated bonus missions in English.
3619 | Heroes of Hammerwatch is a rogue-lite action-adventure. Explore and battle your way through procedurally generated levels on your own or with up to 3 friends.
3620 | Different forces strive to make their own way in the space and desire the control of the Lagrange system- a gigantic transportation network. You, emerging as one of the force leaders, find yourself in a time of challenges and opportunities.
3621 | Here is a sandbox like no other. Create massive battles with absolutely no limits. Want to see 10,000 chickens fight an army of Romans?? Sure, why not. Want to see a company of WW2 U.S soldiers fight 11,000 Medieval soldiers?? There are simply no limits to the carnage you can achieve in UEBS.
3622 | The Citadel is a brutal first person shooter, and a love letter to classic games such as Marathon, Doom and Wolfenstein 3d. Descend into the depths of a dark citadel, and fight through 6 Episodes and 30 levels of action packed with 6 challenging bosses. Go forth, Martyr.
"3623 | Every voyage is a journey of ""Sailing & Beyond"" in Sailing Era! Navigate your fleet and sail for fun; run a business; have a romantic encounter in the tavern; capture pirates amid intense battle; explore inland for treasure... Experience foreign culture, make novel discoveries, and sail away!"
3624 | The Sonic 4 Saga continues in Episode II with the return of a beloved side kick and fan-favorite villains! Following the events of Episode I, Metal Sonic has returned to form an alliance with Dr. Eggman! To face this new evil, Sonic will have to call upon an old friend to help him save the day!
3625 | Person of European Heritage #112: Welcome to Relocation Block B, your new home. Your designated role is 'Bouncer'. Work hard, stay out of trouble, and we might let you stay in the UK.
3626 | Explore Westminster, London on a journey to the ruins of Hanwell. Fight with whatever you can find or use the environment to defend yourself against an ever increasing scourge of Anomalies.
3627 | Fallout® 2 is the sequel to the critically acclaimed game that took RPG'ing out of the dungeons and into a dynamic, apocalyptic retro-future. It's been 80 long years since your ancestors trod across the wastelands.
3628 | Create your 3D avatar and meet new friends in a virtual world. You can talk to other players and invite them to a virtual date on different locations. If you like each other you can try hundreds of love positions without risk. Make new friends, lovers, and even virtual spouse!
"3629 | Patisserie ""La Soleil"", run by Kashou Minaduki, is flourishing thanks to the help of two catgirls: Maple, full of pride and a little on the haughty side, and Cinnamon, an impulsive daydreamer."
3630 | Stickman Trenches is a Real Time Strategy game in which you need to manage your men and weapons and build up your defenses in the brutal trenches of Stick World War 1.
3631 | Baten Kaitos: Eternal Wings and the Lost Ocean and Baten Kaitos Origins are now on Steam with improved graphics and new features to aid game progression, making them even easier to play!
3632 | Embark on a daring journey with Beatrice as you kick, shoot, and loot through a secret underground lab. In this rogue-lite RPG/ADV, engage in strategic combat and face intense encounters that may strip her bare... of her defenses and expose her to unspeakable dangers!
3633 | Experience the insane antics of Saints Row IV. The Saints have gone from the Penthouse to the White House - but Earth has been invaded and it’s up to you to save it with an arsenal of superpowers and strange weapons, in the wildest open world game ever.
3634 | Forget what you have played so far, SURV1V3 is a unique realistic zombie survival fps game expressly designed for VIRTUAL REALITY that will let you test your survival skills. Play the thrilling story in single mode or coop with your friends (up to 4 players) and survive the apocalypse!
"3635 | ""Escape Memoirs: Mansion Heist"" is a co-operative atmospheric reverse escape-room puzzle game. You are a master thief who has been hired to rob a mysterious mansion, filled with various puzzles. Do you think you have what it takes to conquer the challenges that await you in the mansion."
3636 | Shut Up and Dance - is a stunning high-quality and heavily animated adult visual novel which will introduce you to the world of gorgeous ladies, unusual situations, mysterious and entertaining story where you can make lots of decisions and choose your own path!
3637 | A unique, infinitely replayable, story-driven hybrid between a deck-building Roguelike and an RPG game. Explore the ever-changing maps, fight with deadly enemies, and learn what happened to the cursed island of Avalon.
3638 | Become an elite super spy ready for espionage, explosives, and gadgets galore. This popular escape-the-room VR franchise is back with more ingenious puzzles, cunning villains, and dangerous locales.
3639 | Infiltrate terrorists' positions, acquire critical intelligence by any means necessary, execute with extreme prejudice, and exit without a trace! You are Sam Fisher, a highly trained secret operative of the NSA's secret arm: Third Echelon.
3640 | Return to the Black Mesa Research Facility as one of the military specialists assigned to eliminate Gordon Freeman. Experience an entirely new episode of single player action. Meet fierce alien opponents, and experiment with new weaponry. Named 'Game of the Year' by the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences.
3641 | Live the life of an idol manager! Following a car accident, you’re transported into a video game world filled with great music and steamy h-scenes. Build your talent agency, train future stars and lead them to stardom in the music industry. Conquer their hearts one idol at the time!
3642 | Fish, farm, craft, gather, cook, loot or steal from other players and build a campsite or a village with your friends in an open-world multiplayer sandbox game without rules!
3643 | Unexpectedly back at 18, you embark on a thrilling and sweet campus rebirth journey with the memories! The campus goddess, the sexy girl, the childhood sweetheart, the frigid CEO, the gentle teacher. Who will ignite your heart among the dreams and regrets of youth? Relive old dreams without regrets!
3644 | An irresistible force has taken our fearless frog to an island where the puzzle-action of Zuma has evolved in amazing ways… but evil spirits and tenacious tiki bosses rule the land! Survive by firing stone spheres to destroy the deadly stream of balls. Conquer over 60 levels!
3645 | The player connects to a girl in distress in space thousands of years later? How will they resolve the crisis and discover the truth? Through the mechanism of real-time synchronization, the game breaks through the dimensional wall and creates an immersive dialogue across time and space.
3646 | After the sudden death of your father you come back to your hometown and move to a new home to live with Liza, Bella, Rachel and Susan. Will you discover their personalities and secrets and maybe even develop romantic relationships with several of the girls?
3647 | ISLANDERS is a minimalist strategy game about building cities on colorful islands.
3648 | Into The Flames is a Solo/Co-op firefighting game that focuses on the intensity of being a real life firefighter. Drive emergency vehicles, bust down doors, fight raging fires, and do whatever it takes to bring the chaotic scene under control!
3649 | In this city of sin, power comes at a price. Noëlle must navigate a world of corrupt deals and illicit pleasures to gain the upper hand.
3650 | Rise to power as any modern day country in a realistic military, political and economic simulation. Command your country's diplomacy, espionage, and resource management to strengthen your position. Use real-time tactical control of your military to fortify your place as the Supreme Ruler.
3651 | A marvellous romance with a hint of murder, where every playthrough is different! Seek love, friendship, or more... intimate encounters. Help a murdered man find justice. And watch out for the bats.
3652 | You began a new life on the mysterious deserted island after drifting there due to a shipwreck, starting from scratch. Building a base, exploring different areas of the island, living alongside various female characters you encounter, and experiencing all sorts of miraculous events.
3653 | Born into a one-million-year prison sentence, you must survive deadly missions to earn any hope of freedom. Die in prison or live on the battlefield. The choice is yours.
3654 | A farming adventure with a dash of magic. Play solo or up to a 4-player coop. By day, restore your quaint farm into a summer paradise. Explore, raise crops, care for animals and rebuild your home. At night inhabit various creatures through your dreams and bring enchantment to the valley.
3655 | How evil can you get? Discover how corruptible you are in Overlord, the twisted fantasy action adventure where you can be evil (or really evil). In the game's seriously warped fantasy world, players will become the Overlord and get first-hand experience of how absolute power corrupts absolutely.
3656 | A dragon's breath turns you into a stickman! Conquer castles, plunder territories, or lead your squad in this fantasy world! During your journey, you can explore various dungeons, discover hidden treasures, engage in trading, farming, craftmaking and more. Will you survive and regain your true self?
3657 | In this story-driven detective thriller, a young Sherlock Holmes struggles to prove himself as he navigates an exotic, dangerous island in the Mediterranean to investigate the mystery of his mother’s death.
3658 | Use the specialized equipment at your disposal to locate & log as many paranormal events as possible. Decipher the ingredients needed for your ritual and try to exorcise any demons within. Any incorrect ingredients and you may never leave! 1-4 Players
3659 | A woman is interviewed seven times by the police. Search the video database and explore hundreds of authentic clips to discover her story in this groundbreaking and award winning narrative game.
3660 | Welcome to your Critter Café! Rescue and bond with adorable, fantasy critters in need of your help and build a new home together. Design and run your own café, care for your critters, uncover the secrets of mysterious portals, and create a wholesome café for all to enjoy!
3661 | Take on all the challenges of the 2017 World Rally Championship: the official cars and drivers, 13 countries, 52 Special Stages, every surface, more powerful cars, more demanding physics, longer races, and an eSports mode to keep you on the edge of your seat all year round.
3662 | LEGO® Indy is back in his biggest adventure yet. Battle through all four movies, including all-new levels from the original adventures and your favorite new moments from The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull... or in true LEGO® fashion, get creative and build your own levels to play with friends!
3663 | Darius is one of the pioneers of the side-scrolling shoot 'em genre, and the Steam version replicates the multi-screen arcade experience with 4 different titles and 7 versions filled with aquatic-lifeform-themed bosses and epic, Zuntata-composed soundscapes!
3664 | Dive into a sandbox full of action and customization! Choose from different game modes like deathmatch, conquest, king of the hill, zombie survival and many more. Create your own scenarios and content in the easy to use in-game editors or use one of the 50k+ workshop items from other players...
3665 | A new rhythm game featuring innovative characters inspired by databases! Join the research of PLATiNA :: LAB to uncover the secrets of the locked data world as a special 'Decoder' with unique abilities.
3666 | 'Warm Snow' is a Rogue-like action game with a background set in a dark fantasy world, where the eerie 'Warm Snow' holds sway. You will play as the Warrior 'Bi-an' on a crusade against the Five Great Clans, in order to save a world teetering on the brink of destruction.
3667 | PLANT - DESIGN - HARVEST - With Garden Simulator you’ll get your own allotment, place deco elements and cultivate plants to harvest and sell them. Get ready for a beautiful time in nature. Always remember: A garden is a delight to the eye and a solace for the soul.
3668 | GRIP is a high octane, hardcore combat racer, packing ferocious speed and armed to the teeth with heavy weapons. Inspired by games like Rollcage, Wipeout, Motorstorm and Star Wars Podracer, it's like nothing you've ever played before.
"3669 | [Fusion, Synthesis, Coalescence]""MASH VP! Re:VISION"" is a revolutionary rhythm game that “fuses” two lanes and music into a completely new experience.With a variety of tracks, game modes, and a creativity-driven mashup system, it invites you into a new world of music!"
3670 | METAL SLUG makes an explosive return! Dive into this dynamic tactical RPG with a roguelite thrill and experience the iconic run'n'gun action of the original series, redefined. Grab your weapons, assemble your squad and conquer the battlefield to defeat the infamous Rebel Army.
3671 | Create an extrasolar efficiency utopia from scratch! In this sci-fi city builder you need to start mining operations, plan production, and lay down transportation routes to ensure a smooth supply chain.
3672 | Something scary is happening with everyone's favorite Saturday morning puppet show, The Friendly Neighborhood! Play as Gordon, a repairman sent to get to the bottom of this disturbing dilemma. Fend off puppets and solve puzzles in this survival horror adventure.
3673 | Craft Your Ultimate Circular Fortress! Dive into SHOOPER NOVA, where you choose props and components to build a unique fortress. Unlock combos to shape your strategy and battle style. Become an unstoppable barrage machine and obliterate waves of enemies from all directions!
3674 | SLUDGE LIFE is a first-person / open-world / vandalism-centric stroll through a polluted island full of cranky idiots and a vibe so thick you can taste it.
3675 | Tower Defense meets Base Management. Strategically place your defenses. Craft wacky ammunition like fiery peppers and boomerang bananas. Discover amazing weapons and automate your economy while defending against waves of enemies. Can you handle the chaos?
3676 | 'Night of the Dead' is an open-world game that combines elements of exploration, tower defense, survival, and crafting. Traverse a world dominated by zombies while collecting various resources and powerful equipment. Build a fortress to survive the hordes of zombies that swarm every night!
3677 | Melody has decided to become a healer in this classic-inspired turn-based RPG about love, anxiety, and fighting funny-looking monsters in dungeons.
3678 | Dust off your coffee machine and prepare your warmest smile to meet your customers again in the second episode of the much loved coffee brewing and heart-to-heart talking simulator; Coffee Talk Episode 2: Hibiscus & Butterfly.
"3679 | Dive back into the tantalizing world of ""Horny Housewives"" with the highly anticipated sequel, ""Horny Housewives 2."" This immersive open world RPG builds upon the seductive allure of the original game while introducing groundbreaking features that will captivate both new and returning players."
3680 | Windowkill is a twin-stick shooter, but the game window itself is constantly closing in on you. Shoot the window edges to push it around your screen as you fight and dodge enemies and bosses in their own windows.
3681 | Beneath a small town lies an endless maze known as the Labyrinth of Refrain. Dusk Witch Dronya arrives, and with her puppet soldiers, endeavors to find something buried deep within. Embark on an adventure as you discover the secrets underground.
3682 | Play as an adorable yet trouble-making turnip. Avoid paying taxes, solve plantastic puzzles, harvest crops and battle massive beasts all in a journey to tear down a corrupt vegetable government!
3683 | Become a ragdoll and create your own environments in Sandbox Mode, explore worlds created by others, or just flop around your destructible sets! Fun with Ragdolls: The Game lets you enjoy everything you love about ragdolls!
3684 | Umineko When They Cry is the 2nd series of Sound Novel released by 07th Expansion. The steam version features renewed character sprites which is swappable from the classic art.
3685 | Survive and unveil the mysteries of the Weird West through the intertwined destinies of its unusual heroes in an Action RPG from the co-creators of Dishonored and Prey.
3686 | A vibrant blend of survival and action RPG for 1-10 players! Craft legendary items, grow your home base and embark on an epic journey through procedural realms to face towering creatures hel-bent on unleashing Ragnarök. Valhalla can wait, Einherjar!
3687 | Delve into the depths of a mechanical world in this cute, adventure-exploration game. Explore and fight in a land full of corrupt robots and machinery. All while seeking answers to the mysteries around you.
3688 | Put your general knowledge to the test in « Who wants to be a millionaire? », the official game!
3689 | I Am Future is a relaxing single-player survival game about building a cozy rooftop camp amid a flooded post-apocalyptic city. Set up a farm, go fishing, tinker with gadgets, craft new tools, manage a team of cute robots to automate and expand your base, explore the mysterious world, and chill out!
3690 | Step into a gorgeous opera house with Maestro, the VR orchestra conducting rhythm game that's the essence of elegance, control, and high-society french sophistication.
3691 | The year is 2052 and the world is a dangerous and chaotic place. Terrorists operate openly - killing thousands; drugs, disease and pollution kill even more. The world's economies are close to collapse and the gap between the insanely wealthy and the desperately poor grows ever wider.
3692 | Set approximately 10 years after the events of the original BioShock, the halls of Rapture once again echo with sins of the past. Along the Atlantic coastline, a monster has been snatching little girls and bringing them back to the undersea city of Rapture.
3693 | Explore the monster-occupied levels of Banban’s Kindergarten. Survive the dreads that reside below as you are now completely on your own. Uncover the truth behind the place, and find the whereabouts of your missing child…
3694 | Swing through the trees, spin sticky webs, and make friends with bugs! Be the adorable spider you've always wanted to be.
3695 | This is a simulation-style erotic game with humorous elements incorporated.
3696 | Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord is a full 3D remake of the first game in the legendary Wizardry series of RPGs.
3697 | Granny Remake is a gripping horror game where you must escape from a sinister house chased by a cunning and relentless Granny. Choose from multiple escape routes: drive away in a car, call the police, or unlock the main door
3698 | Become Mia, a paranormal detective searching for her missing father inside the Perimeter - a place that doesn't exist. Investigate clues like a real detective and unravel the mysteries behind the Enigma of Fear, defeating the terrible monsters who'll try to stop you.
3699 | Explore the hospital by Thwarting the creatures that are trying to stop you and solving puzzles. Successfully install the internet and surprise customer...
3700 | This is a stupid game that might include Trolley Problem, Ship of Theseus, Brain in a Vat, Infinite Monkey, Sisyphus, Prisoner's Dilemma, Schrodinger's Cat, etc.
3701 | The Prince of Persia, a seasoned warrior, returns from the Island of Time to Babylon with his love, Kaileena. Instead of the peace that he longs for, he finds his homeland ravaged by war and the kingdom turned against him.
3702 | Start your career in logistics today in Forklift Simulator! Take on a variety of different missions, a selection of vehicles and an extensive career mode in which you can put your skills to the test. Are you ready for the challenges ahead?
3703 | The miserable journey of a broken man...
3704 | Command an army of specters, unleash terror on the town of Gravenville, and solve puzzles to unlock mysteries in this strategic adventure game of resource management and supernatural mayhem.
3705 | A cozy detective adventure where you play as a vacation-bound writer who stumbles upon an idyllic town plagued by an enigmatic thief. Crack the case in this charming seaside town, build relationships, and unravel secrets in a world full of quirky characters and heartwarming stories.
3706 | From the team that brought you Arizona Sunshine® comes an epic VR action FPS with intense co-op gameplay at its core. Team up with friends and take on a hostile VR world filled with ferocious undead--mutated and twisted by the relentless cold.
3707 | “FATAL FRAME / PROJECT ZERO: Maiden of Black Water” comes to Steam for the first time to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the horror-adventure series FATAL FRAME / PROJECT ZERO. The game is set on sacred Mt. Hikami, a site of many mysterious and terrifying incidents.
3708 | The critically acclaimed Prince of Persia® franchise returns for the first time on next-generation platforms with an all-new epic journey. Built by the same award-winning Ubisoft Montreal studio that created Assassin's Creed™, Prince of Persia has been in development for over three years to deliver a whole new action-adventure gaming...
3709 | Builders of Egypt is a city-building economic strategy taking place in the Nile Valley. Immerse yourself in a world full of pyramids, where you will become a part of the ancient world. Create history, be history!
3710 | Delivery Attempted. That's the Totally Reliable Delivery Service guarantee! T.R.D.S. is a ragdoll physics simulation about terrible package delivery couriers. Work together using odd machinery, useful gadgets, and the wonders of physics to reliably deliver packages to their destination.
3711 | Sailing simulator featuring realistic sailing physics and a vast open world to explore. Embark on cargo delivery missions, customize your boat, try fishing and cooking. A relaxing day sail, or an epic ocean voyage? Your sailing adventure starts here!
3712 | Two games in one! Fuck the life force of your enemies for health, solve puzzles, and fend off equally skimpy bosses in your way in these retro inspired games by Libraheart! Just try not to get too distracted by the H... you got a game to beat!
3713 | Fierce emotions help fuel SoulWorkers to save the world from the devastated scene of a post-apocalyptic world. In a world where only dark devastation reigns – you are the only SoulWorker to come to the rescue.
3714 | From creator Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime comes the ReCore: Definitive Edition, an action-adventure crafted for a new generation. As one of the last humans, forge friendships with robotic companions and lead them on an epic adventure through a dynamic world.
3715 | Discover the mysteries of Minecraft Legends, a new action strategy game. Explore a gentle land of rich resources and lush biomes on the brink of destruction. The ravaging piglins have arrived, and it’s up to you to inspire your allies and lead them in strategic battles to save the Overworld!
3716 | In this latest chapter from the award-winning studio behind Batman - The Telltale Series, both Bruce Wayne and Batman will be forced into precarious new roles. The Riddler has returned to terrorize Gotham City, but his gruesome puzzles merely foreshadow an even greater crisis.
3717 | Stack the Love of Captain Marine! A Simple yet Exciting 3D Physics Puzzle Game!
3718 | Terry wants to launch himself into space using his new car. Doing something this cool and reckless will surely make him the talk of the town. Run, drive and glide through this small journey of big discoveries as Terry works towards achieving this goal.
3719 | A fresh take on top-down shooters with an emphasis on tactics that forces you to make split second decisions. Neutralize criminals, rescue civilians and defuse bombs in Single Player mode or Co-op. And remember - shooting first is not an option!
3720 | This visual novel blends simulation and management gameplay. The protagonist, aiming to become a pro esports player, tries to cut off all distractions but is drawn into a strange adventure with a tsundere childhood friend and a sultry neighbor, where unshakable bonds and passion collide!
3721 | Explore, fight, survive and unravel mysteries in this unique and unforgiving 3D isometric RPG set in an original dark, low fantasy world. Exanima's exceptional attention to detail and realistic simulation of all things aim to provide a deeply immersive and dynamic gameplay experience.
3722 | The Rewinder is an adventure puzzle game based on Chinese mythology. You play as Yun, the last known Rewinder, who can communicate with spirits and explore other people's memories to alter the past.
3723 | Welcome to the festival of explosive races, TRAIL OUT! Reckless racing around the world! Crashes, explosions, destruction, and screaming drivers!
3724 | This isn’t your typical dance game...Explore club Oberhasli and Control meowingtons' movements, every dance is an opportunity to create something unique, funny, or downright absurd. Whether you’re bouncing around on the decks, or find a better place to throw down, there’s no wrong way to dance. neat
3725 | Discover illusionary pathways and delightful puzzles as you learn the secrets of The Sacred Geometry. Follow the heart warming story of Ro in her journey through motherhood. Rediscover independence through manipulating monuments and evolving paths to explore new, surreal, and mysterious worlds.
3726 | Storage Hustle is a Simulation RPG where you go into storage auctions to buy different mysterious storages. Discover and sell many items, join Yard Sales and haggle your way for profit!
3727 | Trials Evolution: Gold Edition marks the Trials franchise’s triumphant return to the PC gaming platform. RedLynx’s signature franchise, the Trials series first made its mark in gaming with the 2008 release of Trials 2 SE for the PC.
3728 | Save the world by fishing! This is a brand new action RPG game where you stand on an adventure to fish the Sea'Az, the marine life of this world, in a vast pixel world. This is not a peaceful fishing game. The destruction of the world is imminent....
3729 | This is a brush treasure adventure game across the heavens. The protagonist awakens his powers and freely passes through different planes such as Xiuxian, history, Wuxia, magic, and future. Collect equipment, spirits, characters and cheats distributed across all planes through battle.
3730 | Run your retail company. Sign contracts with leading brands, order products, hire workers, expand your store, and never let your customers leave the store empty-handed. Play with friends or go solo, and enjoy the growth of your shop.
3731 | Wizard with a Gun is an online sandbox survival game for 1 - 4 players set in a magical wilderness wrought with dangerous creatures and arcane mysteries. Embark on a journey alone or with a friend to collect, craft, and outfit your wizard however you see fit as you explore the unknown.
3732 | The hotheaded Laharl seeks to be the next big Overlord in the Netherworld...and will destroy anyone that gets in his way! With his devious vassal Etna and the angel trainee Flonne as his unlikely allies, he must battle his way to supremacy and retake the throne in this over-the-top RPG adventure!
3733 | GRANDIA HD Remaster brings enhanced visuals to both gameplay and cinematic videos.
3734 | The Walking Dead: Season Two continues the story of Clementine, a young girl orphaned by the undead apocalypse. Left to fend for herself, she has been forced to learn how to survive in a world gone mad.
3735 | Jump, shoot, and slash your way through 30XX, the roguelike action platformer you can play with a friend! Explore lush, ever-changing worlds that mix precise platforming with fevered combat. Destroy fearsome Guardians. Master unique Powers. Rediscover the thousand years we've lost.
3736 | BrokenLore: LOW is a psychological horror game set in a mist-covered, beautiful Japanese village, blending hyper-realistic graphics with low-poly elements. The main enemy is the Gashadokuro, a yokai from Japanese folklore.
3737 | Delouse your room with sage and pack up your travel-sized ouija board, it’s time to re-enter Twin Lakes - America’s 34th most haunted city. Join Detective McQueen as he puzzles his way through 9 chilling cases, risking life and pixelated limb to solve the macabre mysteries that plague the poor town.
3738 | Crumble is a dynamic physics platformer. Move like a Slime, jump like a ball, swing like Spiderman!
3739 | Superfighters Deluxe is a unique action game that combines brawling, shooting and platforming in dynamic sandboxy 2D levels. Lots of weapons and fun gameplay systems interlock to create absurd action-movie chaos.
3740 | Batman is dead. It is now up to the Batman Family - Batgirl, Nightwing, Red Hood, and Robin - to protect Gotham City.
3741 | Real-time dynamic tactics with the strong focus on squad positioning and collaboration. Connect to the warzone from your home PC and orchestrate modern military operations from the Drone Perspective.
3742 | Mice Tea is a visual novel full of transformation, sex, and steamy, hot beverages. Take the role of twentysomething bookstore clerk Margaret de Campos as she finds a box of magical tea with transformative powers that turns the lives of her and her friends into an unforgettable, erotic adventure.
3743 | The anti-dating sim where you make friends instead of girlfriends! Balance between heartbreak and heartache! Will you graduate without a single friend? Or will you survive long enough to reject them all?
3744 | An experimental clicker base building game. Craft, gather & manage resources, build your base and buy more islands to exploit and expand!
3745 | Here is a witch who wants nothing but to marry you. She decides to seek potions from a certain Succubus in order to charm you... but a labyrinthine forest filled with devils stands in her way. Will she be able to find the potions, and with them, her happy ending?
3746 | Celebrate Street Fighter’s historic legacy with the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection. In this collection of 12 Street Fighter games, four groundbreaking titles let you hop online and relive the arcade experience through the online Arcade Mode or play with friends.
3747 | Paranormal HK is a first person horror game about Urban legends of Hong Kong, China. The story is about a crew of online supernatural channel“Beyond the Invisible” went to Kowloon Walled City to film a short movie for their latest episode and encountered something out of their expectations.
3748 | Endorphin Vice is a physics-based sandbox game for exploring realistic gore and wound reactions. Customize your environment with tactically designed objects and gear. Play as a vigilante, using military tactics and tools to create and test various scenarios and effects.
3749 | Make a living for yourself in a city full of opportunity while you meet a variety of locals, explore unique locations, and work your way to the top in this open-world life simulator.
3750 | Stir up a fresh take on iconic Disney Villains in this rich visual novel.
3751 | Collect, upgrade and unlock powerful arrows and relics to protect and restore your village. For that you’ll have to fight against procedurally generated hordes of enemies in this turn-per-turn, physics-based, roguelike! Explore the map, find the right path and make decisive choices in random events.
3752 | Expand a small kingdom to a mighty Dominion! Play the Spiel des Jahres winning boardgame beloved by millions around the world. Discover the game that defined a genre, Dominion was first to popularize deck-building and remains a staple of tabletop. This is the officially licensed implementation.
3753 | A 1-8 player co-op sci-fi looter horror game that takes place on a mysterious asteroid belt where players must complete contracts by traveling to exotic planets to kill creatures, find loot, and/or farm planetary materials that they must return to an ominous figure named Sketchy.
3754 | You have to escape Granny and Grandpa...You have five days...
3755 | Team Sonic Racing combines the best elements of arcade and fast-paced competitive style racing as you face-off with friends in intense multiplayer racing.
3756 | Home Design 3D is the reference interior design and home decor application, allowing you to draw, create and visualize your floor plans and home ideas.Design your dream projects simply and easily, in 2D and/or 3D. Get a good idea of your next home or simply have fun!
3757 | At sunset, darkness swallowed everything. Bonds of Yachiyo is a Japanese horror tale of two best friends getting separated in a strange version of their own world. Escape from evil spirits, explore and solve puzzles as you try to unravel the truth and reunite the two friends!
3758 | When humans get too lonely, they turn into monsters… Set sail across a beautiful and evolving world of darkness and light, and discover what it means to be human.
3759 | Zombies rise again at the dawn of Apocalypse! In this companion to the smash-hit Zombie Exodus, can you survive the early days of society's collapse?
3760 | Generations of Power Rangers collide across the multiverse’s 25 year history. Experience authentic, but reimagined Power Rangers gameplay. This easy to learn, but hard to master fighting game is designed to welcome players of all skill levels.
3761 | Just Act Natural is a hand-crafted online party game where players must hide among NPC characters to avoid detection from the seeker. Compete against your friends in a variety of game modes over a course of different rounds to be crowned the winner!
3762 | The battle between light and chaos comes to a head in this remake of legendary Strategy RPGs Langrisser I and Langrisser II.
3763 | Streamer Life Simulator is a very comprehensive streamer life simulation game. Be the most popular streamer in the world.
3764 | What began as a conflict over the transfer of consciousness from flesh to machines escalated into a war which has decimated a million worlds. The Core and the Arm have all but exhausted the resources of a galaxy in their struggle for domination.
3765 | Welcome to the Game II is an atmospheric horror / strategy / puzzle game that takes you into the world of the deep web in search of the shadow web. Play as an investigative reporter trying to solve a case of a mysterious woman broadcasting for help as masked men are on the hunt to kill her.
"3766 | Has lived near you since you were little, and has taken care of you like a real sister until you got a job, your cousin Yuina. Since the cohabit, you can either become lovers with your sister, or deepen your relationship. This is the never-ending ""Days with My Sister""."
3767 | A young girl, Viola, is drawn inexorably to a mysterious manor that seems to change behind her back. It is a place of pain, turmoil and death. Plumb its detestable depths and abominable history. Untangle riddles that bar your perilous path. And flee the hellish halls of The Witch’s House.
3768 | Slapshot: Rebound is a physics-based multiplayer game where you play an arcade style match of hockey. No shoot button, no puck glue, no RNG. It’s up to you and your team to take control of the puck, pass, shoot, outplay your opponents. Play with your friends or team up with other Slapshot players!
3769 | Notorious cult-classic Korean horror. Sneak into school at midnight to return your sweetheart's diary and get caught in a terrifying game of cat and mouse. Explore haunted hallways, solve classic survival horror puzzles and escape the clutches of a killer Janitor who is out for your blood.
3770 | The legendary Contra series returns! This reimagining of the classic run-'n'-gun action game from the ‘80s features new stages, new enemies, new play mechanics, and co-op combat for up to 4 players!
3771 | Relax in Bao Bao’s Cozy Laundromat, an idle game where you join Bao Bao, a charming panda, in creating the coziest laundromat. Purchase colorful washing machines, add delightful decorations, and hire panda helpers. Watch your cozy laundromat bustle with life, even when you’re not around!
3772 | Secrets of Grindea is an old-school Action RPG with co-op support for up to 4 players. Journey through fantastical lands and battle tons of different enemies and bosses in your quest for truth, friendship and, above all, finding the world’s rarest treasures!
3773 | Hoa is a beautiful puzzle-platforming game that features breathtaking hand-painted art, lovely music, and a peaceful, relaxing atmosphere.
3774 | Ready your sword, pack your provisions and prepare to embark upon quests in which YOU are the hero! Choose what happens at every turn of the page with Fighting Fantasy Classics – text-based roleplaying adventures remastered.
3775 | Half a year after Trails in the Sky SC, Father Kevin Graham takes on a routine mission on behalf of the Septian Church. He and his partner are then plunged into a realm that follows an unnaturally strict set of rules and is as intent to open old wounds as it is to keep them behind closed doors.
3776 | Drag the rows of fuzzy Chuzzles up and down, left and right, to match colors, and they'll pop and return to their test-tube home. Choose from four play modes and two difficulty levels.
3777 | Guns, Gore & Cannoli 2 revives the good, old, action platform run & gun genre, but this time with a bunch of humor and buckets of blown off body parts. In this sequel to Guns, Gore & Cannoli, Vinnie Cannoli’s story continues and this time it’s personal.
3778 | Dead Rising 4 marks the return of photojournalist Frank West in an all-new chapter of one of the most popular zombie game franchises of all time. With an unmatched level of weapon and character customization, ambitious new features including new zombie classes and EXO Suits, Dead Rising 4 delivers a heart-pounding experience as players...
3779 | Are you ready to fight? Download this incredibly addictive tank game right now! Choose a tank and fight with your friends in dynamic real-time battles.Meet the legendary tank shooter Battle Tanks! Show the whole world who's in charge here!
3780 | The world’s first and premier Action MMO Third Person Shooter allows you to choose between two sides of the law. Play as Enforcer or Criminal, customize your gear for the task at hand and hit the streets and play how you want in a city filled with more action this side of a Hollywood blockbuster.
3781 | Neptunia and SENRAN KAGURA join forces in this action-packed RPG!
3782 | Chonkers is a cozy and relaxing idle game. Adopt the cutest fur balls and watch them ramp up the chonk scale as you play with them. Find them a new family. They’ll pay A LOT for your hefty chonker! Complete your collection by finding all the breeds and the rarest space cats!
3783 | An action RPG based on Chinese art style, as the 7th lineal sequel of this series, it earns a lot of anicipations. Better gaming experience than any of its previous episode will be brought to all the players.
3784 | Maze Mice is a bullet heaven roguelite where time only moves when you move. Collect dots, level up, choose upgrades, and avoid cats. All at your own pace.
3785 | PowerSlave Exhumed is a KEX Engine port of the classic console game perfectly blending both the PlayStation & Saturn versions
3786 | Play more of your favorite arcade hits from yesteryear. Includes SONSON for free!
3787 | The Overlord Zenon has cursed the land, leaving a young man named Adell to seek vengeance. However, all hell breaks loose as Adell accidentally kidnaps the Princess of the Netherworld. Will Adell be able to return the Princess, defeat Zenon, and break the Overlord's dark curse?
3788 | Move The Chains is a choice-driven adult visual novel that puts you into the shoes of a hot-button athlete who finds himself being given a second chance after spending a year behind bars. The road to redemption is a long one, but it's packed with girls, love, drama, and of course, sex.
3789 | Live as your favourite african animal, choose between being a carnivore, herbivore or omnivore, predator or prey. In this multiplayer ecosystem, with a realistic open world, choose to become a lion, a elephant or even a swift gazelle! But remember, the savannahs law is to survive at any cost!
3790 | Play as a tiny lil' mushroom who's lost in the forest and can't find its way home. Explore unique areas freely at your own pace, chat with friendly inhabitants, and take on different adventures to get back home!
3791 | Florence Yeoh feels a little... stuck. Her life is an endless routine of work, sleep, and spending too much time on social media. Then one day, she meets a cello player named Krish who changes everything about how she sees the world and herself.
3792 | Aliens are decimating New York City, only you have the technology to survive. Be The Weapon.
3793 | Two years ago, a group of young teenagers found themselves trapped inside their school. They suffered through the longest night of their lives, chased by abominable creatures created by their principal. Some of them survived that terrible night, while others perished.
3794 | The best feeling racing game out there. Precision time-trial racing against npc champions in the campaign or other players on the leaderboards.
3795 | As part of the elite Rhino Squad, you must spearhead Earth’s military invasion of a hostile alien homeworld. But, in this desperate war for humanity’s survival against an unrelenting enemy, you may discover that the only way to defeat them...is to become one of them.
3796 | Remember Me™ is a 3rd person action adventure where players take on the role of Nilin, a former elite memory hunter with the ability to break into people’s minds and steal or even alter their memories.
3797 | Fast paced First-Person Melee Roguelike RPG with randomly generated weapons and upgrades, unlockable new classes and persistent leveling. Hack and slash your way through atmospheric dark fantasy locations, unique monsters and bosses.
3798 | The greatest warriors of all time and space have been summoned to battle for the amusement of an ancient alien race. Wield a variety of guns and power-ups as you fight for glory against ruthless combatants in this fast-paced single-player and multiplayer FPS.
3799 | Adventurers, it’s time to unite! Gather your friends and battle the dark forces that have overtaken the world of Resolution Games' award-winning RPG dungeon crawler, Demeo. The next generation of tabletop adventure has arrived!
3800 | The greatest rock-racing, tower defense, art history game is back! Like the title says, Bigger & Boulder cranks up the surrealism and gameplay with chaotic 4P multiplayer, new time periods, and improved graphics, physics, and destructibility powered by UE4 to be, well… BIGGER AND BOULDER.
3801 | Falcon 4.0 breaks the sight-and-sound barrier with its cutting-edge graphics, realism, dynamic campaigns and multiplayer gameplay.
3802 | In Granny Simulator there are two players, a feeble old grandmother and her lovely grandson. The grandmothers objective is to complete her every day routine while the grandson utilizes uncanny violence and pure brutality to stop her.
3803 | Battle an army of sycophantic cultists, zombies, gargoyles, hellhounds, and an insatiable host of horrors in your quest to defeat the evil Tchernobog. Squirm through 42 loathesome levels filled with more atmosphere than a Lovecraftian mausoleum.
3804 | Join BAPBAP, the Roguelike Party game where no two matches are ever the same. Round up your homies, pick a character, and build a giga-unfair build that'll make them hate you - then do it all over again!
3805 | A narrative-driven hardcore RPG set in a gritty world ruled by real but unrelenting gods. Set out on a challenging lifetime journey, where every choice has a price and entails consequences. Will you become an inquisitor, a judge, or conspire against the old order? Dare to decide!
3806 | A recovered copy of a lost game from the late 1990s about a Beaver named Bucky and his friends trying to escape from an island they crashed upon.
3807 | Steal donuts to feed your fat cryptid wife or die trying! Donuts for Deer Teeth is a top-down, roguelite brawler where your only goal is to steal whatever you can get your grubby little raccoon paws on before shoving it in the face of some weird deer-faced skull thing.
"3808 | ""Let's begin your own story."" This is a text-based idle RPG game. There are already more than 3,000 unique story actions and it's still growing."
3809 | The most realistic hunting experience awaits. Explore 12 reserves and hunt 45 unique species, ranging from waterfowl to big game. Over 100 weapons from state-of-the art rifles to bows. Customize your load-out with stands, blinds and dogs. Play alone or in multiplayer with up to 7 friends.
3810 | Jazzpunk is a comedy adventure set in an alternate reality Cold War World, plagued with corporate espionage, CyberCrime, and sentient martinis. Gameplay is inspired by spoof comedy films and cartoons of yesteryear, with a focus on weird gadgets, exotic locales, and open-world style exploration.
3811 | While explosively stripping the evil pirate LeChuck of his demonic mojo, Guybrush Threepwood inadvertently infects the entire Caribbean with the arch-fiend's expelled voodoo, which threatens to transform buccaneers into unruly pirate monsters.
"3812 | The Mahjong Roguelike. Aotenjo: Infinite Hands is an deckbuilder where you will use Mahjong styles all over the world to beat innate threats, play different Patterns and combos, reach the ""bottom"" of Aotenjo, and discover ancient secrets...."
3813 | Settlements Rising is a medieval city building and colony management game. It offers a lively colony experience with simulated villagers, dozens of professions and resources, natural disasters, and raids, while providing full control over the colony through trade, production chains and datas.
3814 | In this management tycoon game, you’ll start a criminal operation from nothing and grow it into a well-oiled money machine! Build speakeasies and illegal distilleries. Manage production chains and resource distribution. Leverage favors, chase down debtors, and bribe the police to look the other way.
3815 | Donut County is a story-based physics puzzle game where you play as an ever-growing hole in the ground. Meet cute characters, steal their trash, and throw them in a hole.
3816 | Start a rock band & end the EDM empire in NO STRAIGHT ROADS, a rockin' action-adventure that mashes together rhythm-infused third-person combat with a kick-ass soundtrack!
3817 | True Fear: Forsaken Souls Part 2 is the sequel to one of the best rated horror escape games, acclaimed for its story and the atmosphere of horror mystery.
3818 | An old-school hack-and-slash action RPG awaits! Pick one of five heroes, defeat monstrous enemies with weapons and spells, loot treasure and level up in this classic D&D fantasy adventure.
3819 | A minimalist cyberpunk city builder inspired by Islanders and Luck Be a Landlord.
3820 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
"3821 | ""In my dreams, I can get out. In my dreams, I can fit in."" 'ghostpia' mixes the adorable art style of an illustrated book with glitches-and-noise effects. There are no choices to be made. There's only a lonely girl in a ghost town and her story full of mystery, friendhood...and a bit of violence."
3822 | You're in charge of managing the pawn shop in this weird galaxy. Make deals with strange customers, flip items, attend auctions and keep the shop going!
3823 | Take up the role of a great wizard, wield powerful spells, command fantasy races and challenge your rivals in this remake of a cult turn-based strategy classic. Do you have what it takes to become Master of Magic?
3824 | Cepheus Protocol is an Open World RTS Military Survival Game. Play as the CERC hunting Patient 0, maintain Quarantine camps, fight dangerous mutations & Rogue Civilian Combatants . There’s nobody else coming, it’s up to you now.
3825 | Climb inside a colossal, crushing war machine, where every switch, lever, and round of ammunition is at your command. Physically interact with every support system and navigation stick as if you were truly in the cockpit. Customize and outfit your mech to outsmart and assert your superiority.
3826 | Feel speedway emotions thanks to realistic riding physics. Play online mode with friends or local in career mode, league mode, challenges, tournament and quick matches. Are you ready for the challenge?
3827 | Go from humble beginnings to a feared pirate captain in this seafaring open-world adventure! Enhance your reputation as you take on bounties, upgrade your ship, hire a crew and search for treasure, or just go fishing instead!
3828 | Good Company is an in-depth management sim about building a trail-blazing tech corporation. Assemble complex production lines, manage employee logistics, and sell high-quality products on the market to become the best company in the whole county!
3829 | The King arrives with an arsenal of over-the-top weapons, giant explosions and pure unadulterated fun!
3830 | --Main Stage Game at Evo 2022!-- The ultimate Skullgirls experience: Featuring 14 hand-animated characters, fully voiced story mode, countless palettes, and unparalleled GGPO-based multiplayer netcode.
3831 | Bakeru's adventure begins in this Japan-esque Wild Action Game!
"3832 | Genital Jousting tells the story of ""John"", a penis who needs to find a date for his high school reunion. Genital Jousting is also an online and local multiplayer party game about flaccid penises and wiggly anuses for up to eight players at once."
3833 | Note: From the 8th July the game is available in EN only.BEGIN A NEW JOURNEY WITH THE COMPLETE EDITION OF FINAL FANTASY XIEnter an online multiplayer RPG that challenges players to journey through the world of Vana’diel® — a world of fantasy, adventure, and exploration.
3834 | A Tower Full of Cats is a hidden object game where you need to gather cats through the whole history of catkind... and beyond!
3835 | HYPER DEMON is an FPS like no other. a pearl of lightning. a dream from the future. a drop of poison. a swan song. The faster you slay demons, the harder the game and the higher your score. There is an end. Will it see you?
3836 | Dive into Project L33T, a hardcore first-person tactical extraction shooter. Confront AI foes and rival players, engage in high-stakes battles for precious loot, and risk it all in this hostile environment. Die and lose all of your gear and loot.
3837 | As one of the last human survivors, you find yourself stranded on an uninhabited island. With a few other victims of the crash, can you craft, mine, and build your way to survival?
3838 | Wizard of Legend is a no-nonsense, action-packed take on wizardry that emphasizes precise movements and smart comboing of spells in a rogue-like dungeon crawler that features over a hundred unique spells and relics!
3839 | Follow Lara Croft down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote, exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts, that unleashes unwelcome figures from Lara's mysterious past.
3840 | Finish the hunt in this epic finale to the Turok Trilogy. Pick up immediately after the events of Turok 2: Seeds of Evil, with dual protagonists Joseph and Danielle Fireseed, of the Turok family tree, as they battle the titular antagonist Oblivion and its followers, the Flesh Eaters.
3841 | A love simulation game set in a beautiful beach town. Make various stories with women of different charms.
3842 | The year is 1997. You used to be a hacker, but now you have the phage. You made a deal: one hack, one dose. There’s nothing left to lose… except your life.
3843 | At Thors Military Academy, Erebonia’s best learn everything from the art of war to liberal arts. First year Rean Schwarzer learns he’s been selected to join the controversial Class VII, and they’ll need to deal with more than just class warfare--they’ll need to safeguard their country from chaos.
3844 | Explore a world of magic and intrigue, filled with terrifying monsters and ferocious enemies! Discover the mysteries of Dracania, battle against the forces of evil and become a hero in Drakensang Online, the award-winning action RPG.
3845 | Element TD 2 sees you combine powerful elements to create unique towers. Prove your defenses against challenging foes, and compete or cooperate with others to determine who has mastered the elements.
3846 | Rogue Loops is a roguelite action game where a trapped family battles to escape an endless loop. Combine unique skills and relics to create powerful synergies against the loop’s guardians. As you grow stronger, so does the loop—can you break free from this relentless cycle?
3847 | Business is booming for La Soleil, the patisserie run by Kashou Minaduki with his two catgirls, Chocola and Vanilla, his sister Shigure, and the Minaduki family's four catgirl sisters.
3848 | Create virtual lifeforms whose development is shaped by a deep simulation of evolution. Guide them as they fight, mate, and adapt to the environment you have built. All the creatures in the trailer evolved on their own in the game!
3849 | Classic RTS gameplay fused with a modern roguelike. Shape your build each run by assembling an evolving arsenal of powerful units and facilities. Harvest resources, build out your base. Raise your army and call down orbital strikes to overcome the forces threatening your survival.
3850 | World of Guns: Gun Disassembly lets you delve into the inner workings of guns from the largest gears to the smallest screws
3851 | Sumerians is a city building game set in ancient Mesopotamia. Attract new citizens and grow by expanding your irrigation system, building walls, palaces, temples and ziggurats. Research new technologies, manage your production, hire workers, and trade.
3852 | Lift and throw anything as you build and manage your kingdom in this chaotic city builder for 1-6 players. Harness the power of your soul-stealing crown to defend your citizens from bandits and mutants, farm the land, and gather resources. Keep citizens happy or see them desert you!
3853 | Experience the thrill of the beautiful game in Bang Average Football - the fast-paced, addictive, easy-to-learn football game for 1-4 players! Play against your friends for footballing glory in multiplayer, or turn a hopeless club into national champions as player-manager in Story mode!
3854 | Besiege Great Khans, Imperial warlords and Shōgun commanders in Stronghold: Warlords, the latest 'castle sim' from Firefly Studios. Command AI warlords across the battlefield as you build a castle economy and new gunpowder-fuelled siege engines!
3855 | In a world where 0.003% of the global population possesses mutant powers, attending a college for superheroes could be the opportunity of a lifetime—will you seize it? Mutant College is an adult visual novel that will immerse you in unique, thrilling, and engaging erotic experiences!
3856 | Nothing is Forever is a choice-driven adult visual novel. It features a realistic adult story in a kinky friendly environment. Explore your favorite fetishes with the Love Interest(s) of your choice, and decide how the story unfolds.
3857 | Real Pool 3D (Poolians) is one of the best online pool games. Play against the computer or real players all over the world! It supports 8 different types of pool games and team play mode.
3858 | Embark on an erotic intergalactic adventure with the clumsy Dr. Murph and his hot assistant, Repa. Meet other women from a myriad of alien races - and, if you plays your cards right, you might just end up getting lucky!
3859 | Set in futuristic Tokyo, take control of the robotic community before they control everything!
3860 | Simple but challenging rhythm-based running game. Compete to achieve the highest rank, unlock more characters, set personal bests, and climb the leaderboards.
3861 | Lucie Adult Game is a realistic visual novel set in the corporate world. Through a very hot story, live your romance with Lucie the way you want. Loyal or not, a personalized ending awaits you.Laugh, flirt, and live unique and original situationsPlayable as a couple or solo !
3862 | Your favorite pawn shop experience is finally getting a sequel! Haggle like your life depends on it in this funny tycoon game. You never know WHAT is gonna stumble through that door!
"3863 | ""Femdom Wife Game - Zoe"" is a relationship simulator. Zoe, your partner, has grown tired of your sex life and wants to try new things. Only she wants to be the one in charge. The game offers both authenticity and immersion. Start your new life with Zoe!"
"3864 | ""Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds Ultimate"" is a side-scrolling beat-'em-up with the heart of a fighting game, showcasing nostalgic pixel art and the latest cross-platform online multiplayer. Experience the biggest and most expansive entry in the ""Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds"" series to date!"
3865 | Lapisphilia, the Heroine of Justice, has thwarted the Gestarks one too many times! In a final bid for victory, they have created a dungeon as their last-ditch attempt to finally bring her to her knees! Fight through enemies and traps to escape and get back on surface!
3866 | Family Breeding is a 2D visual novel with top-notch artwork where you play as a young man living together two women, your mother and your sister. Your family has a different tradition. The women of the family are expected to get get knocked up by the family head, which in this case, it's you.
3867 | HD Poker - The High Def Poker experience! Crush the competition with the newest FREE poker game.
"3868 | Astonishing 3D cell animations and overwhelming content volume, the next-generation fighting game ""GUILTY GEAR Xrd REV 2"" is now out on Steam! Total cast of 25 unique characters, and tons of game modes, get ready to ROCK!"
3869 | Heat Signature is a game from the developers of Gunpoint where you break into spaceships, make terrible mistakes, and think of clever ways out of them. You take a mission, fly to the target ship, sneak inside, and make clever use of your gadgets to distract, ambush and take out the crew.
3870 | A multi-player game for a single player. Learn to control 2 characters at the same time, one with each hand. Achieve ambidexterity and rescue both the prince and the princess at the same time.
3871 | With Gamindustri on the brink of destruction, Nepgear and the Candidates must band together and restore order!
3872 | Bring your toys to life in this action-packed, Toy Soldiers game bundle which includes the original Toy Soldiers, Toy Soldiers: Cold War, and all four DLC’s – Kaiser’s Battle, Invasion, Napalm and Evil Empire.
3873 | Hardcore survival RPG with non-linear story that lets you play as a young medieval soldier who over the course of battles and adventures becomes the most formidable and respected knight of his era. Or, if he’s not lucky enough, perishes in the chaos of the Hundred Years' War.
3874 | Aerofly RC 10 is the ultimate radio controller flight simulator for beginners and experts alike.
3875 | Pikuniku is an absurdly wonderful puzzle-exploration game that takes place in a strange but playful world where not everything is as happy as it seems. Help peculiar characters overcome struggles, uncover a deep state conspiracy, and start a little revolution in this delightful dystopian adventure!
3876 | Hands of Necromancy II is a dark fantasy FPS sequel, inspired by classics such as Heretic and Doom. Choose from two characters, wield new weapons and learn even more powerful spells and transformations to prove once and for all that you are the supreme Necromancer, master of death itself!
3877 | UBERMOSH is an arcade game about cutting bullets with a sword, in a gun-filled cyberpunk mosh pit.
3878 | Say helloaphant to jmtb02’s classic series of elephant games–now remastered into one elephant-sized package!
"3879 | ""Remember, it is my will that guided you here. It is my will that gave you your cybernetic implants, the only beauty in that meat you call a body. If you value that meat... you will do as I tell you."" The cult classic sci-fi horror FPS-RPG has returned."
3880 | You receive a cursed digital camera that captures ghosts from a strange website. The website allows you to liberate your loved ones by uploading images of their spirits using the camera. You decide to go to the nearest park where your girl was last seen.
3881 | The long-awaited third game in the groundbreaking SUPERHOT franchise - MIND CONTROL DELETE gives you more insight into the world of SUPERHOT, more story, more signature gameplay. Keep dancing the slow-motion ballet of destruction for so much longer than ever before.
3882 | A suave secret agent adventure game. Your mission (should you choose to accept) is to infiltrate enemy spy Ruby La Rouge’s secret hideaway and put a stop to her evil plans!
3883 | Play the role of a young alchemist apprentice who is unwillingly bound to an illegal spirit. Suddenly drawn into a war between humanity and magic, they must join a group of unlikely heroes to escape their own doom, hopefully saving the world along the way.
3884 | A circus troupe comes to Yomogi Town, a rural town in Japan situated between mountains and the ocean. As the son of the circus ringmaster, enjoy a special summer filled with wholesome adventures!
3885 | Have a Nice Death is a 2D action roguelike where you play as an overworked Death, whose employees have run rampant, completely throwing off the balance of souls - and his vacation plans. In order to restore order, you'll have to grab your trusty scythe and show your employees who's boss.
3886 | West Hunt is a 1-8 player social deduction game set in the Old West! Among the hardworking townsfolk hides an Outlaw or two causing mischief and mayhem across town. Luckily, there are eagle-eyed Sheriffs ready to sniff them out! No matter what role you play, you're sure to have a hog-killin' time!
3887 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
3888 | Prepare yourself for the long awaited sequel. You will blaze it. You will no scope. You will see some weird af s*** as you fight and xD in 999fps to destroy the Illuminati and rescue the memes. Are you ready for 420BLAZEIT 2????!!1
3889 | Lead your viking ship to victory in this rhythm game (PC and VR)! Pound your drums to the sound of epic music, from celtic rock to viking power metal, and set sail against your rivals in multiplayer mode. Will you outrace them all and carve your name on top of the leaderboard?
3890 | Immerse yourself in Ancient Egypt from the age of the great pyramids to the final years of the New Kingdom.
3891 | Turbo Dismount is a kinetic tragedy about Mr. Dismount and the cars who love him. It is the official sequel to the wildly popular and immensely successful personal impact simulator - Stair Dismount.
3892 | POSTAL Redux is a high definition remake of the classic dark and surreal twin-stick isometric shooter. Take control of The POSTAL Dude as he fights to survive in a world gone mad with violence.
3893 | A relaxing puzzle game about fixing train connections and travelling the world!
3894 | Machinarium is the award-winning independent adventure game developed by the makers of Samorost series, Botanicula and CHUCHEL. Help Josef the robot save his girlfriend Berta kidnapped by the Black Cap Brotherhood gang!
3895 | Build and manage mankind’s first mission across the universe! Create a sprawling facility underground, recruit a diverse group of specialists from around the globe and explore mysterious new worlds through the Exogate.
3896 | Become a tram driver! Hop back into the cab for the ultimate tram driving experience. Drive modern real-world trams from various cities with physics indistinguishable from the real thing.
3897 | An android is led through a vast structure by a glitch in his visual system. Lorn's Lure is an atmospheric narrative first-person platformer with novel climb-anything mechanics and modernized retro 3D graphics.
3898 | It's time for a Visual Novel Quest with a twist! Join Kazuma, a reincarnated adventurer, and spend turbulent days with his unfortunate party members. Prepare for waifus, dress-up and resource management and get ready for an Isekai comedy that’s out of this world!
3899 | SD Gundam Battle Alliance is a multiplayer Gundam action RPG where you can smash foes solo or with friends in thrilling mechanized combat. Acquire new mobile suits, power them up, and take them into battle in various missions!
3900 | PIPE is a physics based BMX experience built for the BMX community designed to simulate realistic BMX motion. Perform over 50 aerial stunts, grind any corner, send big airs in the PIPE! PIPE also includes some fun Easter Eggs for those willing to explore and think outside the box.
3901 | Welcome back to the eerie town of Raven Brooks! You play as Quentin, a journalist investigating the bizarre events of the original Hello Neighbor game, uncovering a larger mystery. Sneak into your creepy Neighbors’ houses to dig up the truth.
3902 | Create your hero and dive into an epic 2D MMORPG! Explore a vast open world, conquer castles, battle in free-for-all PvP, team up in guilds, join Alliance wars, explore dungeons, and celebrate with fun in-game events!
3903 | A strategic autobattler sim where you build a team of gladiators, compete in arenas, plan fight tactics, and form alliances. Combine fighters, beasts, and mages, develop and equip them to optimize your well-oiled fighting machine, dominate the championships, and leave your mark on the world.
3904 | NEO Scavenger is a game where you must survive in the wasteland long enough to figure out who you are. Each turn, you must decide where to go, how to scavenge for supplies, and how to deal with anything and anyone you encounter.
3905 | Four million battles every day. One Shadowverse. Japan's #1 strategic card game. Made by card gamers for card gamers.
3906 | Build unique synergy spell combos to destroy the hordes of monsters and bosses in this rogue-lite action game.
3907 | Frag like it’s 1996 – this time with even more asses to kick! Join the world’s greatest action hero in Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour as he saves Earth once again, kicking alien ass and saving babes across the globe along the way.
3908 | With an all-star dream lineup of characters from each Danganronpa game, gather Hope Fragments at a tropical resort. Explore Jabberwock Island and develop your Dangan characters. Gather money through battle and upgrade your equipment, then defeat bosses and move on to the next island!
3909 | A unique hybrid between turn-based tactical games and traditional, character-centric RPGs. Knight's Tale is a modern retelling of a classic Arthurian mythology story filtered through the dark fantasy tropes, a twist on the traditional tales of chivalry.
3910 | Lead a party of relic hunters in an epic cRPG adventure set in a war-torn Guns N’ Sorcery world. Experiment with a tactical slo-mo and a modern combat system!
3911 | World War II rages and nations fall. The Nazis are twisting science and the occult into an army capable of annihilating the Allies once and for all. As US Army Ranger William “B.J.” Blazkowicz, pierce the black heart of the Third Reich and stop them...or die trying.
3912 | Decorate your own cozy workspace! 『Mini Cozy Room : Lo-Fi』 combines relaxing Lo-Fi music and room decoration into one productivity game. Cute avatars and pets will keep you company, while desktop Pomodoro timers, notes, and to-do lists boost your efficiency.
3913 | Paradise Club is known to the wealthy as the island of all fantasies. The leaders cater to every need: young women, submissives, strippers, twins, etc... Our two heroes arrive on the island to solve the mystery surrounding the disappearance of their half-sister.
3914 | The sequel fans have waited 16 years for is finally here - Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode I! Featuring enhanced gameplay elements, including the classic Sonic Spin Dash, and the versatile Homing Attack, Sonic the Hedgehog 4 Episode I picks up right where Sonic and Knuckles™ left off. Dr.
3915 | Enter the Ring of Pain, a roguelike card crawler where encounters come to you. Each step around the ring a dire decision. Go for the loot or backstab a creeping horror? Meet strange friends bearing gifts and treasure. Choose your gear wisely to survive and discover the secrets of the Ring of Pain.
3916 | The Bathhouse | 地獄銭湯 Remake is a Japanese horror game that revolves around working at a bathhouse. A complete revamp of the original bathhouse.
3917 | Hurl emojis and battle the internet's biggest stars to rise as a meme master in Meme Mayhem! Collect powerful perks and relics, enjoy a darkly comic social media story, and assemble the ultimate emoji attack stack in this roguelite idle RPG.
3918 | Honour, sacrifice, betrayal… Your choices make you who you are. How will history remember you? Choose your friends and enemies carefully in a game where every decision has far-reaching consequences, and where finishing the game is just the beginning of your journey…
3919 | A kidnapping on the streets of Shibuya brings together a hot-blooded detective, hard-hitting journalist, former gang leader, the head researcher of a big pharma manufacturer and a part-timer stuck in cat costume for a series of events each more unexpected and outrageous than the last.
3920 | A cozy, story-driven cooking RPG set in Hawaii. Become head chef of your family's restaurant, build a team of passionate chefs, and dish up tasty Hawaiian food. Manage your kitchens, build friendships, find romance, explore the island’s tropical spots, and discover the power of cooking together.
3921 | Developed by the creator of the original Kerbal Space Program, KitHack Model Club is a physics-based model building sandbox that offers limitless freedom for you and your friends. Design, build, battle, fly (and crash!) your very own RC vehicles, or experiment with over 2,400 ready-made vehicles!
3922 | Play free and try tables in trial mode with Zaccaria Pinball, featuring 140+ tables, including 40+ officially licensed from Zaccaria was founded by three brothers: Marino, Franco, & Natale. Zaccaria was the world’s 3rd largest pinball manufacturer, next to Bally & Williams. Relive the golden age.
3923 | Chill Pulse combines productivity tools with serene environments. Use a Pomodoro timer and to-do lists to boost focus, while ambient sounds in settings from cyberpunk cities to ancient landscapes enhance relaxation.
3924 | Embark on a purr-fectly perilous rage filled adventure as this lil kitty cat took an unfortunate cat-nap and ended up stranded sky high! With no way but down, master your feline agility and platforming prowess to navigate your descent through the urban jungle in this gravity-defying escapade!
3925 | The 20th century heralds the new age of electrification for the railroad, and a new opportunity to make your fortune. Build your corporation carefully, as you deploy modern electric and diesel locomotives, lay new tracks, transport goods and passengers, and stay ahead of the competition.
3926 | Card Survival is a card-based survival experience. Stranded on a desert island you must use your wits and skills to stay alive. Use cards and combine them together to explore, gather resources and craft useful tools.
3927 | Prepare to be tempted, mesmerized and thrilled, become the Overlord, how corrupt you become depends on how you handle any given situation. Your actions impact the game world. With incredible power at your disposal and a team of evil minded minions to do your evil bidding, how will you resist the temptation to be incredibly despotic?
3928 | Explore a haunting, punishing island in this stylized 2D action RPG. Salt and Sanctuary combines fast and brutal 2D combat with richly developed RPG mechanics in a cursed realm of forgotten cities, blood-soaked dungeons, and desecrated monuments.
"3929 | Proverbs is a picross/minesweeper hybrid featuring a single ENORMOUS puzzle, inspired by Bruegel the Elder's 1559 painting ""Netherlandish Proverbs"""
3930 | Engines running: give the green light to the most immersive and authentic MotoGP™ gaming experience ever. Virtual and Real have never been so near in MotoGP™22!
3931 | Espresso Tycoon - a coffee shop simulator. Create your brand, decorate the coffee shop, manage your employees, and take care of your customers. Use the 3D coffee editor to create coffee recipes, order supplies, and collect rating points. Build the whole coffee business and complete all the missions!
3932 | Hanging out with friends, bombing walls, and smashing bottles would be much more fun with out the jail time.
3933 | A multiplayer survival game of parenting and civilization building. Get born to another player as your mother. Live an entire life in one hour. Have babies of your own in the form of other players. Leave a legacy for the next generation as you help to rebuild civilization from scratch.
3934 | Hunted by mercenaries of an enemy with untold power, the fighter Pseudo and the creature under his protection begin a perilous quest to the edges of strange lands.
3935 | Create, upgrade, and customize your very own Bloons Monkey City in this groundbreaking blend of city building and tower defense awesomeness!
3936 | A broke young man takes on the night shift at a roadside diner. In the glow of the blood moon, routine tasks turn into a fight for survival. First-person horror based on a dark creepypasta with a set of rescue rules.
3937 | Dakar Desert Rally is the biggest off-road rally racing adventure ever developed. Experience the speed and excitement of the largest rally race on the planet, featuring a wide variety of licensed vehicles from motorcycles, cars, trucks, quads and SSVs.
3938 | Milo and the Magpies is a point-and-click, hidden object game following the story of a little cat named Milo who is trying to find his way home after getting turned around by an unfortunate encounter with some pesky magpies.
3939 | TIME TRAVEL through history to BECOME GOD 🚀 Ride dinosaurs, forge tools, sail dunes, build a colony, siege castles, automate and fly, mine underground, launch to the moon, build a dyson sphere! An insane, unforgettable and revolutionary survival crafting base building open world adventure.
3940 | Bend fire, water, earth and air in chaotic online combat and co-op! Elements Divided lets you become a peak elemental warrior, moving your hands to summon attacks and defenses, levelling up your character, and using your powers to hurl yourself across arenas
3941 | Screeps: World is an open source MMO RTS sandbox game for programming enthusiasts, wherein the core mechanic is programming your units AI. You control your colony by writing JavaScript which operates 24/7 in the single persistent open world filled by other players on par with you.
3942 | War Selection is a compelling RTS game featuring base building, resource extraction and warfare. Evolve from a stone age tribe to a distinct industrial nation with unique game mechanics and battle for supremacy with dozens of players on a unique procedurally generated map.
3943 | A desert gardening survival game. Start from a tiny spring and cultivate a blooming garden. Explore a vast world amid the sands and uncover its mysteries. Can you defend against the relentless forces of nature and mysterious wraith corruption, to bring life to a dying world?
3944 | Crush the Castle Legacy Collection is the triumphant return of the classic Armor Games physics destruction game! Let destruction reign by loading up your trusty trebuchet and showing the enemy castle who’s boss.
3945 | Save a puppy and embark on a heartwarming, hand-drawn adventure together. Journey to the heart of an enchanted forest, solving puzzles and avoiding hunters to protect your newfound friend.
"3946 | ""A Requiem for Innocence"" is a companion to the visual novel ""The House in Fata Morgana."" It tells the tale of a young man dragged down by his ambitions and a girl both worshiped as a saint and maligned as a witch. For them, there is no happily ever after."
3947 | War in the East 2 is the most comprehensive, most realistic, and most advanced wargame modeling Eastern Front warfare in World War Two.
3948 | The feeding frenzy begins again! Swim and swerve through underwater worlds, chow down on smaller fish, and chomp your way to ocean supremacy. But watch out: boatloads of pesky predators are looking to make lunch out of you.
"3949 | ""When there's nobody there to see you, you disappear."" In Girls Made Pudding, two girls tour a series of towns that people have disappeared from."
3950 | The nefarious Overlord Void Dark seeks to enslave countless Netherworlds...and only the young demon Killia can stop him! Assemble your tenacious army of rebels and unleash vengeance in this hell-raising adventure! The stakes are high, the damage cap is higher, and the destruction is limitless!
3951 | An adorable bite-sized adventure from the creators of A Monster’s Expedition - explore the facility, avoid the live electricity, and repair the malfunctioning reactor.
3952 | Welcome to Scourge of War, a real-time 3D computer game/simulation developed by NorbSoftDev, the company headed by renowned game designer Norb Timpko, designer of Mad Minute Games' acclaimed Take Command series. Scourge of War is the epitome of historical command simulations.
3953 | Experience a galaxy of Worlds made entirely from LEGO bricks. EXPLORE gigantic landscapes, DISCOVER countless surprises, and CREATE anything you can imagine by building with LEGO bricks.
3954 | Cossacks: Back to War contains all of the gameplay features of Cossacks: European Wars and Cossacks: The Art of War, this is a complete care package for all current and future Cossacks fans. This add-on contains two new nations: Switzerland and Hungary.
3955 | Join the witches in their quest to restore the Grimoire Groves! Master magic, grow cute plant creatures and discover the mystery of the Rainbow Socks in this cozy, rogue-lite dungeon crawler.
3956 | Discover a new breed of Action-RPG game powered by an enhanced version of the Source™ Engine by Valve. Set in the Might & Magic® universe, players will experience ferocious combat in a dark and immersive fantasy environment. Swords, Stealth, Sorcery. Choose your way to kill.
3957 | FINAL FANTASY TYPE-0 HD brings an immersive world, memorable characters and the production value known of the series, together with high quality gameplay and storytelling truly worthy of the FINAL FANTASY name.
3958 | 2 SIDES, 12 NATIONS, 750 UNITS: THE STRATEGY GAME REFERENCE IS BACK! Richer, more beautiful and more accessible, Wargame AirLand Battle is the sequel to the explosive real-time strategy game Wargame European Escalation! 1985.
3959 | BLACKSAD: Under the Skin - A dark corruption scandal in the heart of the New York City's underworld for charismatic detective John Blacksad!
3960 | A choice-driven, space sci-fi visual novel featuring full voice-over and an intricate relationship system!
3961 | Between Two Worlds is an erotic Visual Novel filled with impactful choices, multiple endings, and quality animated adult scenes. Find your path. Follow the light, or descend into darkness. Love or corrupt your friends. The choices are yours to make.
3962 | S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat is the direct sequel of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl. As a Major Alexander Degtyarev you should investigate the crash of the governmental helicopters around the Zone and find out, what happened there.
3963 | Compete in hardcore PvP strategy in persistent game worlds where real time resource and troop management in coordination with other players is required to expand your kingdom from one village to hundreds as you conquer the map in this winner takes all medieval contest.
3964 | An epic, challenging tower defense game with an emphasis on strategy and replayability. Summon gems of immense magical potency and harness their unique abilities against a seemingly endless horde of monsters. The archdemon seeks to swallow the world, and you must journey to stand against her.
3965 | Five-star tower defense with unrivaled depth and replayability. The Bloons are back in full HD glory and this time they mean business! Build awesome towers, choose your favorite upgrades, hire new Special Agents, and pop every last invading Bloon in the most popular tower defense series in history.
3966 | Pilgrim is a medieval-based, co-op horror, adventure. Can you and your friends make it to the end of The Road?
3967 | Long ago, Ragnarok—the End Times—loomed upon the realms. The All-Father Odin, with the last of his strength, created an emissary of redemption, Valkyrie; her sole task being the salvation of a doomed world.
3968 | As an employee of a mysterious organization your job is to monitor live surveillance camera footage and spot anomalies using your sharp eyes and good memory. Can you survive the entire night shift or will you succumb into paranoia?
3969 | Tamer Vale is a turn based card battler, where a collective of Elven heroines, known as Tamers, journey forth beyond the safety of their hidden valley to find and confront the sources of corruption in the land, and bring balance to it using their special rituals!
3970 | Join Pilo and Prof in a new space adventure! Use your Holobook to turn everything into stickers and create your own encyclopedia of a new world. Explore beautiful new planets and meet new friends in this adventure game.
3971 | The grand finale to The House of Da Vinci trilogy is here! Solve numerous new puzzles and mind benders and explore new mystifying locations of ravishing beauty.
3972 | Explore 17th century Canadian wilderness through the eyes of Jeanne, a French woman who crossed the Atlantic to start anew and Maikan, an Innu hunter trying to discover what’s disturbing the forest. Your choices will shape the traits of the protagonists in this narrative single-player experience.
3973 | Door Kickers is an innovative realtime strategy game that puts you in charge of a SWAT team and lets you command them during a tactical intervention.
3974 | This is the 2nd half of the Umineko When They Cry sound novel series, featuring episodes 5 through 8. This steam version features multi-language options, swap-able renewed character sprites, as well as the original BGMs and un-cut content.
3975 | Tiny Bunny is a non-linear horror visual novel. Those, who have heard the voice of the forest, are beyond help.
3976 | In the world of Ivoire lives Marona, an orphan with the ability to speak with phantoms. Though shunned by society, she believes in helping others. With her phantom companion Ash, Marona aims to purchase the mysterious Phantom Isle.
3977 | Embark on a quest to recover the Three Rings of the Triskelion, as the last descendant of ancient Kung Fu warriors in Twilight Monk!. Experience a richly crafted Metroidvania, RPG, with intricately crafted dungeons, linked across a vast overworld spanning multiple continents.
3978 | Eiyuden Chronicle: Rising is an action RPG set in the same world as Eiyuden Chronicle: Hundred Heroes. Features town-upgrading mechanics, fast-paced combat. A prequel to the world of the Eiyuden Chronicle: Hundred Heroes.
3979 | Merge dragons and magic to solve hard puzzles by playing merge games
3980 | SpreadCheat is a puzzle game that fuses intricate spreadsheet challenges with a comedic, 90s financial vibe in a retro Windows 3.11 setting. The Player takes on the role of the new office prodigy, solving absurd tasks and manipulating spreadsheet cells to hit specific targets using clever formulas.
"3981 | Despite the popularity of, ""La Soleil"", Kashou's father continues to disapprove of it. Determined to get his father to approve of him, Kashou journeys to France to seek advice from the teacher who taught him his craft. A new chapter awaits in the next volume of the NEKOPARA series!"
3982 | Combining seamless gameplay, FINAL FANTASY characters and breathtaking worlds from the past 30 years of the franchise, DISSIDIA® FINAL FANTASY® NT welcomes all gamers to the online battle arena with a new style of competitive gaming!
3983 | N++ is a fast-paced, momentum-based platformer about darting around obstacles, narrowly evading enemies and collecting gold in a beautiful minimalist landscape.
3984 | You're a detective, and a frog, and it's time to solve a mystery in the wild west.
3985 | A cozy pixel art adventure about saving a struggling Boba Tea shop. Brew up tasty drinks, battle enemies for inspiration, make friends with customers, and much much more, on your quest to serve up the best tea in town!
3986 | The Sex Curse 💋 is a spicy comedy-horror visual novel with point-and-click elements. An unlucky hero triggers an ancient curse, attracting ghosts, stalkers, and supernatural chaos. Armed with charm (and good looks), survive wild encounters, solve puzzles, and shape your story!
3987 | Defend the fortified beach during D-day against invading forces in this WW2 FPS game as the enemy attacks you with troops, tanks, planes and more! Use the iconic WWII weapons such as MG42, Flak88 and Panzers, prepare your defenses with mines, explosives and bonuses!
3988 | Strike Force Heroes is an oldschool arena shooter rebuilt with modern mechanics with full co-operative and PvP online multiplayer. It melds over the top action with epic story-telling in this intense remake of the hit Flash game.
3989 | Throw yourself into an epic 3D beat’em up adventure with adorable knights, full of surprising worlds and situations. Grab your buddy and play in 2 player co-op to save the princess, but this is only the beginning!
3990 | Detective Sebastian Castellanos has lost everything, including his daughter, Lily. To save her, he must descend into the nightmarish world of STEM. Horrifying threats emerge from every corner, and he must rely on his wits to survive. For his one chance at redemption, the only way out is in.
3991 | Picayune Dreams is a roguelike blend of bullet heaven horde survival, and bullet hell gameplay. Adrift across the endless void, you must fend off thousands of nightmarish and otherwordly creatures. Uncover a mysterious and surreal story. And don't forget. You mu [TRANSMISSION INTERRUPTED...]
3992 | Amane has always lived for herself, choosing to focus on her studies and happiness. But what will she do when given magical powers beyond human comprehension to face a horde of terrible monsters? It's time for her to become Magical Girl Celesphonia!
3993 | Embark on a journey of intrigue, romance, and adventure in Lust & Legends, a mature open-world RPG that plunges players into the immersive realm of Astoria. As a squire named Tristan, you must navigate the complexities of a medieval world filled with secrets, mysteries, and desires.
3994 | Continuation of the exciting visual novel about a girl who decides to start a new life in the big city. In the role of a waitress in a Made cafe or an assistant in an office, she tries to stay afloat, finds friends and enemies, faces intrigues and unexpected romances.
3995 | Welcome to Eientei, combine multiple colors of mana to build your ideal deck, duel with gensokyo girls, and chase back the mysterious moon treasure. Also, enjoy the unpredictable Roguelike with fantasy Danmaku!
3996 | Embark on an adorable adventure, discover new friends and uncover everything the island has to offer. Climb, Swim, Glide and slide your way into the hearts of the many different characters you meet on your travels!
3997 | Packed with fast-paced, turn-based RPG action, fourth-wall-breaking, trope-demolishing dialogue, and more item, weapon, and costume customization than you can shake a Lvl. 1 Stick at, Gamindustri is a world set on turning the concept of the JRPG on its head!
"3998 | The definitive edition of the Atelier ""Mysterious"" series at a new price, with brand new content and various DLCs! ""Atelier Firis"" is the 2nd instalment: after Firis encounters alchemy and is able to leave town, she is taken on a magical journey that has no limits."
3999 | Buy and sell art, manage employees, and grow your shop in this immersive simulator set in Europe. Curate a unique collection, attract customers, and become the premier art dealer. Transform your humble gallery into a thriving art empire!
4000 | A new EDF adventure begins! Only this time, the action unfolds in a parallel world where the Earth is made of digital blocks. This world has befallen into chaos, as the once peaceful square Earth has been shattered into pieces. Shape aside, it is an Earth nonetheless which needs to be defended.
4001 | Start with nothing... End with everything! All you have is a basic ship, barely fit for combat, with it you'll start your journey and empire. A open world space sandbox, inspired by and expanding the classics.
4002 | Made by Gearbox Software and originally released in 2001 as an add-on to Half-Life, Blue Shift is a return to the Black Mesa Research Facility in which you play as Barney Calhoun, the security guard sidekick who helped Gordon out of so many sticky situations.
4003 | Rescue hostages, disarm bombs and save the day in this old school, side-scroller action game with retro graphics and retro sensibilities. Online and Couch Coop Included.
4004 | Experience the original F.E.A.R. along with F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate.
4005 | Locked in Temptation is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel. Unravel the web of intrigue that threatens everything. Romance captivating women, uncover betrayals, and embrace your transformation in this thrilling blend of drama, intrigue, and sex.
4006 | The ULTIMATE collection is here! It all began in ’93, and now, the weapon-based fighting game series that swept the world is ready to be taken home in a new stellar collection! Six NEOGEO titles as well as one mysterious, unreleased game are featured!
4007 | A new legacy begins...
4008 | You're a witch, leading your coven into new, unfriendly lands. Use the cards you find to build and expand your civilization. Befriend the local covens or use their bones to fuel your spells. Gather your familiars, the witching hour is nigh.
4009 | A magical pixel art platformer. Explore an unfamiliar town and deliver tasty treats to the townsfolk. Cook magical delicacies from your bought and gathered ingredients. Learn new ways to traverse, discover secrets, and figure out the intricacies of your orders.
4010 | The dude was a playboy when he was young, while after losing his job in big company, he become a handyman who take cases from smartphone app. Even though the money is short, but he somehow discovers a new paradise...
4011 | Il-2 1946 includes all of the original IL-2 series content: IL-2 Sturmovik™: Forgotten Battles, Ace Expansion Pack, Pacific Fighters™ and alternate histry campaigns of year 1946. What was years ago began as a one-aircraft study sim is now an astonishing anthology, with a whopping 229 flyable aircraft and over 300 aircraft total!
4012 | The Lich has thrown the world into a timeless loop and plunged its inhabitants into never ending chaos. Wield an expanding deck of mystical cards to place enemies, buildings, and terrain along each unique expedition loop for the brave hero.
4013 | Search the village of Naninani Mura to find answers about your past and evade the hauntingly beautiful 8 foot tall HachiShaku-sama!
4014 | The Operational Art of War IV is the new generation of operational wargames. With more flexibility than before and with a new array of exciting features, it will make you relive the most iconic battles from the dawn of the 20th Century to modern day, including the ones that never occurred!
4015 | When reality is a nightmare, nightmares become real. In this psychological horror game, you fight the terrifying creatures invading your mind. Can you save your sanity?
4016 | Dash, evade, and smash your way to the truth as the corporate spy, Asaru; or the reckless CIA agent, Amelia! Uncover the dark secrets of the Negabot mega corporation as you save the company from a hostile takeover. Assault Spy is a stylish, fast paced, pure-action game with a dash of comedy.
4017 | ASTRA: Knights of Veda is a visually stunning, story-rich, 2D RPG. A dark plague besets the world of Planis, perptrated through a dark ritual performed by the Mad King. You, and the other Knights of Veda, are the only ones who can bring normality back to the world.
4018 | The ultimate top-down racing game is back! Ultimate Racing 2D 2 includes new cars, new tracks, car/track editor, time-trial mode, improved online multiplayer and career mode, new settings and more.
4019 | Heave Ho tasks up to four players with a simple goal – don’t fall to your death! Players will use their own two hands and the outstretched grip of their friends to grapple across each level on their way to victory.
4020 | CAPTURE, CUSTOMISE AND EVOLVE! Embark on a magical journey with siblings Reynn and Lann as they explore the vast land of Grymoire to rediscover their past and save the future.
4021 | Assemble your ragtag crew and prepare to plunder the skyways in search of the legendary map to El Dorado! Danger lurks around every corner as you outsmart clockwork soldiers, uncover hidden mysteries, and unleash powerful combos in this pirate turn-based tactics MMORPG.
4022 | NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM 2 is a tour de force of Naruto thrills and spills. Impressively faithful to the universe of the anime, the game takes players through the Shippuden story arc. Ultimate Ninja STORM 2 has been remastered in HD.
4023 | From the dust of a gold mine to the dirt of a saloon, Call of Juarez® Gunslinger is a real homage to the Wild West tales. Live the epic and violent journey of a ruthless bounty hunter on the trail of the West’s most notorious outlaws.
4024 | Build your own global colonies on distant worlds. Manage energy and resource supplies and produce goods for space trade. Form economic and diplomatic alliances or take over competing corporations. Conduct research to protect your colonists from disasters and avoid a climate crisis.
4025 | Way of the Samurai 4 takes place in the humble port town of Amihama during the mid 19th Century, several years after the arrival of the “black ships” from the West ended Japan’s long history of cultural isolation.
4026 | Disneyland Adventures allows fans of all ages to explore Disneyland park, enjoy adventures based on 18 popular attractions, engage in 100 challenging quests, and interact with 35 beloved characters. Disneyland Adventures is your ticket to the magical world of Disneyland right in your living room.
4027 | Discover, collect and organise to create your own unique garden in this relaxing idle / creative sandbox!
4028 | Desynced is a sci-fi strategy game with fully customizable units and behaviors. Gather, build, research, and explore the unknown. Alone or with friends, unveil the mystery of an AI on the edge of self-awareness and uncover the hidden truth in this blend of strategy, automation, and exploration.
4029 | Bio Inc.: Redemption is a realistic simulation and strategy game in which you make life or death decisions. Create a deadly illness to infect and torment your victim or play as the head of a medical team and hopefully find a cure to save your human patient. Will you be the plague or preserve humanity?
4030 | My Pleasure is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel, full of hot women, mystery, and sex! This VN is packed with high-quality graphics, a rich story, humor, and hot close-up animations!
4031 | WAVESHAPER is a minimalist score attack game in which you attempt to stop the 2D vector menace, one obstacle at a time.
4032 | Do battle against abominable demons as Saki the shrine maiden! Use her four different forms to slay enemies, or activate full-auto mode and watch as Saki is defiled and corrupted...
4033 | Coming of age as a part of the first generation born free, WWII stripped me of my family, home, and future. Now I'm left with only one choice: to get my revenge and independence, or die trying. The odds are against us: will our tactics, stealth and teamwork be enough?
4034 | Dive back into your NIS roots and experience a game that laid the foundation for the beloved Disgaea series with Rhapsody: A Musical Adventure. Sharper graphics and updated image optimization bring this classic title into the present!
4035 | Abathor is a challenging 2D action platformer for solo play or up to 4 players. Embark on an epic 16-bit quest inspired by Golden Axe, Rastan, and Castlevania IV. Traverse Atlantis, battle demons, and defeat vicious bosses to save your progress! Enjoy an amazing OST from classic-era musicians!
4036 | Pixel and Libraheart team up yet again in another retro styled lewd metroidvania! Help bounty hunter Lily through a large world while fending off a hordes of enemies and hope that her inner lust doesn't get the best of her.
4037 | Guide brush strokes and solve a variety of puzzles to help an aspiring artist complete her masterpiece amid her brusque neighbor’s gaze and his pesky cat. As her painting starts to take shape, uncover an emotional tale of chance and artistry revealed behind unrelated yet familiar moments.
"4038 | Presented by the team behind critically acclaimed ""Moncage"", this is a transformative adventure exploring the art of waiting. Clear the game by doing nothing, but discover the power of acceptance and patience in numerous situations from birth to death. Learn to embrace life as you wait."
4039 | You live in a world where men called barons have all the power, and you were raised as a servant for one until earning enough to buy your freedom, but that freedom is jeopardized when witnessing the baron's abuse of his lab-grown harem of perfect women because they refuse to sleep with him.
4040 | Prepare yourself for an insatiable rain of bullets, bombs, and beams in Crimzon Clover. Earn all the power-ups for an overpowered experience in the all new ARRANGE version.
4041 | A wrestling management sim that's easy to pick up and play. Book fantasy matches, create epic stories and develop your wrestlers as you grow to dominate the industry. With extensive customization and depth, you can bring your wrestling dreams to life.
4042 | A short interactive essay on dreams, pressure, and expectations. Take part in an ancient ritual where one shot determines the fate of a generation.
4043 | Return to the remote island nation of Tropico and expand your Dynasty’s reign from the early colonial period to beyond the 21st Century, facing new challenges including advanced trading mechanics, technology and scientific research, as well as cooperative and competitive MULTIPLAYER.
4044 | Nexomon: Extinction is a return to classic monster catching games, with a brand new story, eccentric characters and over 300 unique Nexomon to trap, tame and evolve.
4045 | Saints Row 2 brings true freedom to open-world gaming. Players can play as who they want, how they want, and with whomever they want in this sequel to the much acclaimed and tremendously successful Saints Row.
4046 | Show your artistic side! Create your own medieval settlement in the My Little Farmies tycoon. Build artisan workshops and production sites. Trade with fruit, vegetables and cereals. Download My Little Farmies now!
4047 | Find your inner ninja with the all-new LEGO NINJAGO Movie Video Game! Play as your favorite ninjas to defend Ninjago from the evil Lord Garmadon. Master the art of Ninjagility by wall-running and high-jumping, and battle foes to rank up and upgrade the ninja's combat skills.
4048 | Eat your way through multiple interconnected mazes using Power Pellets and a variety of Power Items to chomp the GHOSTS and opponent PAC-MAN players! Be the last PAC standing at the end of each match in this 64-player Battle Royale to be the Chomp Champ!
4049 | A fateful encounter with the fairy Noi sets Nayuta and his friends on a path to explore beyond the borders of their island home in order to stop a dark plot.
4050 | The RTS/FPS phenomenon has moved into space! Build your base on an asteroid, command fleets of starships for epic battles, pilot fighters, mine and trade resources, assemble robots to defend or assault other stations. Take sole command or share the glory as you fight for control of the quadrant.
4051 | In a city that worships the Goddess of Fortune, an angel descends. Her name is Zerachiel. Zerachiel struggles to rescue her comrades who are imprisoned by the cult, but she is defeated and stripped of her powers by a girl claiming to be a saint...
4052 | The world has already been saved. Now it's time to rebuild your town, learn new hobbies, and forge lifelong friendships in this peaceful and relaxing RPG.
4053 | Teamfight Manager is a simulation game where you are the coach of an e-sports team. You must manage players to set them up for matches. Make the best of pick & ban by evaluating the characteristics of the champions/players! A smart strategy can make up for a lack of individual player skills.
4054 | Outlive the apocalypse! Dive into intense Encounters and extract the most valuable spoils the Outlands have to offer! Loot, shoot, and build to become the absolute Outlander and explore the landscape of a post-war Norway in Vigor, a free-to-play looter shooter.
4055 | Enotria: The Last Song is a soulslike set in a beautiful sun-lit world inspired by Italian folklore where the brightest sun casts the darkest shadow. Wear unique role-altering masks, face formidable foes and alter reality with the power of Ardore to unravel the secrets of Enotria.
4056 | Kitchen Simulation | Learn Cuisines | Cook Delicious Food | Become A Chef
4057 | WANTED RACCOON is a 3rd person raccoon simulator with a storyline and extensive research space. Steal food, ride a skateboard, be inconspicuous, fight with people, create equipment, upgrade skills, lead resistance and find a kidnapped family!
4058 | Armello is a grim fairy-tale board game come to life, with every match combining deep, tactical card play, rich tabletop strategy and RPG elements. Leverage subterfuge, spells and careful strategy to wrangle control of the game's chaotic odds as you quest for the throne.
4059 | You are a retired male whore with a villa on the hill. On this day, three beauties came out of nowhere to seek help. Taking advantage of the opportunity of the three beauties spending the night, use your expertise to make them willing to sleep with you without the other two beauties knowing.
4060 | House of the Dying Sun is a tactical space shooter that puts you in the cockpit of the universe's most terrifying starfighter. Hunt the enemies of the Empire and bring ruin to their people.
4061 | Megaloot is an addictive Inventory Management Roguelike RPG, where meticulous loot management lets you create diverse and powerful builds for each run. With every new attempt, start from scratch and loot strategically to craft dominating setups and become the ultimate power hunter.
4062 | Seek out new weapons and equipment to delve deeper into the dangerous world of Cypher-X72! Be warned, you aren't the only one seeking the forbidden technology known as Zexion! It will take cunning and valor to succeed in this action-packed sci-fi adventure!
4063 | NITE Team 4 is a military hacking simulation game that explores the world of cyberwarfare and features realistic mission scenarios.
4064 | VRC Pro takes you deep into the world of cutting edge, modern RC cars. You can race up to 15 different RC cars on real existing mini race tracks all around the world; all fully customizable & tunable.
4065 | An interactive thriller about a man trapped in a time loop. Featuring James McAvoy, Daisy Ridley, and Willem Dafoe.
4066 | One of the most acclaimed adventure games of all time is now back, better than ever. Grim Fandango Remastered has the all the beautiful art and engaging story fans remember, but has also been remastered to look, sound, and control even better than the award-winning original release.
4067 | The Imperial Navy is called upon to eradicate the last of the rebellion and restore law and order. As an Imperial navy starfighter pilot, you will safeguard imperiled lives thoughout the galaxy. Join the Emperor's cause in eliminating the Rebel uprising as the Empire strikes back!
4068 | Travel to the sleepy village of Caterwaul Way and rebuild your grandmother's cat cafe. Renovate your restaurant, befriend the local cats and townsfolk, forge lasting friendships, unravel catty mysteries, and build a home for dozens of unique felines!
4069 | Three years after the conflict in Chernarus, portrayed in the original Arma 2, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan to quickly restore peace and prevent further civilian casualties.
4070 | From the creator of Coffee Talk and What Comes After, comes a slice-of-life adventure set in modern Jakarta about love, loss and finding your own way forward. Step into the shoes of Rama, a young musician struggling to move on with life after the death of his girlfriend, Cinta.
4071 | Trapped in what appears to be an endless hallway in your home, rooms begin to feel unfamiliar. Capture anomalies on camera and stay away from any sinister entities.
4072 | 『FUBUKI ~zero in on Holoearth~』is a high-speed pixel action game where you control the protagonist, Shirakami Fubuki, and battle using swords and skills.
4073 | Shady Knight is a first-person skill-driven melee action game centered around swift swordplay, acrobatic archery, and fluid platforming that seamlessly blends combat and parkour skills into a stylish dance of death full of creative chaos.
4074 | Counter-Strike Nexon is a Free to Play MMOFPS offering competitive PvP and PvE action including content from the original Counter-Strike and all new game modes, map creation function, weapons, and hordes of Zombies!
4075 | Embark on an exotic journey into danger in this rip-roaring 1930s third person adventure for 1-4 players! Encounter pulse-pounding action, treacherous traps and tales of derring-do!
4076 | Train unique samurai, embark on missions, and play the cards dealt each run on an epic roguelite adventure in the Legend of the Five Rings universe. Each defeat opens new strategic skill tree options and more powerful cards to face the growing threat in the Shadowlands.
4077 | Tell jokes, sing songs, make friends or heckle. Comedy Night captures the fun experience of a real comedy club.
4078 | A casual airline management game set on Earth and Mars. Supports singleplayer and Steam co-op.
4079 | Suddenly thrown into an unknown galaxy, you must explore, fight or befriend aliens and transform your ship from a small survey vessel into a powerful battlecruiser to unravel the mystery of the forces that brought you here and find your way home.
4080 | A brand new RPG set in the world of the popular anime, ONE PIECE! Play as members of the Straw Hat Crew in a fantastic adventure set in the ONE PIECE world!
4081 | In this fast-paced, turn-based, co-op adventure you'll quest and explore, find awesome loot, customize your fighters, and recruit strange species! Come master your destiny in this strategic game of positioning.
4082 | And now, for today's story.
4083 | Infiltrate a terrorist occupied tower, airport, and shopping mall to get classified data and stop their plans. New features have been added to this revival of the home console version of Elevator Action Returns, a masterpiece 2D action game. Also features 2 player mode.
4084 | Ziggurat is back, and now it's even better! Use powerful weapons and spells to break through hordes of enemies and explore labyrinthine dungeons in this hectic roguelite FPS, while you improve your skills and discover new equipment.
4085 | Mobius. An idyllic world that lets people forget about the pain and problems of reality. Created by a sentient vocaloid program, μ (Mu), reality and fantasy have become blurred, allowing people to relive their high school years in bliss -- but just how real is a virtual happiness?
4086 | A mixture of incremental/idle and roleplaying game set in fantasy world filled with monsters and things to explore, where battling is constant, almost everything can be upgraded, and with wide array of various prestige mechanics to always keep things interesting and moving forward!
"4087 | 'BEYBLADE X XONE is a ""Beyblade action"" game that faithfully recreates the BEYBLADE X series (distributed by TOMY Company, Ltd.) that is popular among fans of all ages. Battle through intense Beybattles and aim for the top of The X!"
4088 | Trials of Innocence is an indie courtroom detective game. Step into the shoes of the main character, rookie lawyer Luna Ray, and navigate her journey through the legal world. Unravel a shocking conspiracy that changes the fate of many, including herself, and confront her inner choices.
4089 | Last Evil is a rogue-like strategy card game with mature contents. You have to go down to the deepest dungeon and wake up the Great Demon. Collect powerful spells, defeat those who are blocking your way and collect their essences to explore the dungeon.
4090 | Eros Fantasy is an IDLE RPG game full of magic and sex. Travel through a fantastic world, meet, seduce the hottest humans, beastfolks, demon girls and mermaids!
4091 | Real Time Strategy with a high degree of realism. The game is based on a true story.
4092 | Artemis is a visual novel intended for the adult audience. You begin your road to recovery three years following a traumatic event, where you'll eventually find yourself shaping the technological future.
4093 | 🌯 Shawarma Legend !! A real simulation of a shawarma restaurant !!
4094 | Surgeon Simulator is an over-the-top operation sim, stitching together pitch-black humour with life-saving surgery. Become Dr. Burke, a would-be surgeon with a less than conventional toolkit, as he performs procedures on patients including the Heavy from TF2! ...is that a hammer?
4095 | Weave isolated planets into a vast trade empire. Hatch plans. Research game-breaking technologies. Still be done in time for lunch. Enjoy the endless possibilities of a space grand strategy game in 60 minutes flat.
4096 | Backrooms: Extractions is a 1-6 player co-op horror game set in 2062. As a MEG operative, enter the Backrooms to locate and extract lost agents while evading lurking entities. Use advanced tools, solve tense puzzles, and survive eerie environments. Stay alert: every sound could be your last!
4097 | Kaya’s Prophecy is a unique card based village builder! establish your village, gather resources, and craft tools and buildings in a vibrant world. Explore and combat various challenges and other groups in this colourful, deck-builder while appeasing your god to earn his favour.
4098 | Electrician Simulator goes VR! Experience the game like never before. Change bulbs, fix outlets, and have fun with cables and wires. Just remember to kill the power first. Electrocution might feel very real in VR!
4099 | Step into the dangerous world of The Walking Dead: No Man's Land. Lead survivors in turn-based strategy battles, manage resources, and make tough choices to ensure their survival. Fight walkers, build your base, and face endless dangers.
4100 | Live the adrenaline and the excitement of the 2017 Monster Energy Supercross Championship with MONSTER ENERGY SUPERCROSS - THE OFFICIAL VIDEOGAME!
4101 | Explore the dungeon and fight against various monster girls! A turn-based strategic dungeon crawler RPG that challenge your skills and endurance
4102 | The protagonist is the successful CEO of a YouTube entertainment company. One day, due to a conspiracy, he is ousted from the company and becomes penniless. The female protagonist, BJ Hanna, appears before him, giving him the courage to try again, and together, they start over from the ground up.
"4103 | Answer the summons to the parallel world of ""Kamitsubaki City"" and meet a cast of colorful characters as you set out on a quest to save this city from the brink of destruction in this dark-fantasy sci-fi visual novel!"
4104 | Juice Galaxy is a happy place to fly around and smack things and drink juice. And explore things. And just, flip around doing stuff.
4105 | Roll, bounce, boost, and blast your way to victory in Marble It Up! Ultra - the ultimate marble platformer. Chase the records of your friends and the world's best players through a vast campaign - or face them head-on in thrilling multiplayer mayhem. Get ready to roll!
"4106 | The 3D anime-style shooting game ""E.T.E"" is launching early access soon. It offers three unique environments—sea, land, and air—plus a system for developing female characters and mechas. Famous voice actresses like Sakura Tange, Kana Hanazawa, Rie Tanaka, and Mikako Komatsu voice the characters."
4107 | Zeus + Poseidon delivers hundreds of hours of gameplay in one game!
"4108 | An ordinary girl named ""Suzuki Rika"" who can be found anywhere. It all started with an adult magazine, and the exhibitionism play began. From not wearing skirts to walking around completely naked, experiencing the pleasure of shame through exhibitionism."
4109 | Contains full Rising Storm content as well!
4110 | The 16-bit nightmare returns. Survive, hide, and avoid the deadly Scissorman in this legendary horror classic.
4111 | Build, manage, and expand your own lucrative parking enterprise in this management sim. Parking World puts the power to build your perfect parking garage at your fingertips while solving everybody else's parking problems in unique narrative scenarios or without any objectives in freeplay mode.
4112 | Gungrave G.O.R.E is a stylish third-person action shooter by South-Korean Studio IGGYMOB in which you take on the role of Grave, a gunslinger of resurrection and badass anti-hero of your dreams, mowing down tons of enemies in a gory ballet of bullets.
4113 | You were the fastest wheelman on the street. You were a legend. You were money. Until they set you up and sent you down. Twenty-eight years inside for someone else's crime. Now you're getting out. Guess what? You got a new job, it's called getting revenge.
4114 | Step into the shoes of a young man in a fictional 1980s Latin America. Embrace your destiny navigating a world fraught with drugs, violence, and bloodshed.
4115 | Build an automotive empire. Buy, sell, and customize cars to create your own brands and showrooms. Become a shrewd entrepreneur in this immersive car trading and customization game.
4116 | Step on board the legendary Orient Express and immerse yourself in the most famous detective suit in a race against the clock to unmask the murderer.
4117 | NARUTO: Ultimate Ninja STORM allows players to battle in full 3D across massive environments. Players will unleash powerful jutsu attacks, perform acrobatic evasive maneuvers and even run up walls. NARUTO: Ultimate Ninja STORM has been remastered in HD.
4118 | Journey from weekend warrior to racing legend & experience the thrill & emotion of authentic racing. Own, upgrade and personalise hundreds of cars, customise your driver, tailor every setting & play the way you want in YOUR Ultimate Driver Journey.
4119 | A mix between Portal, Zelda and Metroid. Exploration, puzzles, combat! A first-person-metroidvania taking place six inches under Supraland.
"4120 | Japanese survival horror game ""FATAL FRAME / PROJECT ZERO: Mask of the Lunar Eclipse"" is back with better graphics."
4121 | KOF 2002 UM is the 2nd title in the UM Series and a fully upgraded ver. of KOF 2002, a masterpiece of the KOF Series deserving its place of honor alongside KOF ’98. Based on THE NESTS CHRONICLES, 2002 UM includes the most characters of any title in the KOF Series, and fighting game history!
4122 | This symphonic gunplay RPG, where you can change the fate of the world, has been remastered in a 4K/HD EDITION. Fly through the air and enjoy the blazing gun battles in this fateful tale set on a ruined planet.
4123 | Ultimate battle action, and the epitome of the GUILTY GEAR XX series now on Steam! Bonus soundtracks included!
4124 | Explore a neon galaxy in your very own battleship in this 1- to 4-player couch co-op adventure.
4125 | SharpShooter3D is a first-person subculture shooter in the best old school traditions. Burn! Destroy! Kill! Kill! Kill!
4126 | Date your weapons! Romance swords, daggers, and polearms to level them up in this “shack-and-slash” dungeon crawling adventure.
4127 | You have been selected to participate in a behavioral analysis experiment and these guys are at the mercy of your inhumanly cruel choices! it's up to you to decide the fate of of these two...
4128 | Experience the thrilling adventures of the Parr family as they conquer crime and family life through both Disney-Pixar films The Incredibles and Incredibles 2, in a LEGO® world full of fun and humor.
"4129 | Logiart Grimoire is a puzzle game that combines the number puzzle ""Logiart"" and the word puzzle ""Fusion"" in which you deduce combinations from clues."
4130 | Be one of those intrepid storm chasers in this online multiplayer video game. Your goal is to shoot the best twisters pictures without dying because of powerful winds and flying debris. Feel the challenge of correctly forecasting and intercepting storms with the optimal vantage points before other players.
4131 | Learn guitar and piano with an expanding library of thousands of songs!
4132 | A young woman died near the White Oak Inn. Now, her spirit is roaming around, and an employee is receiving strange letters. What dark secrets wait to be found? The clock is ticking and you, as Alex Hill, must uncover the truth before it’s too late.
4133 | CATO = Cat + Toast = Buttered cat paradox = Anti-gravity 🍞🐈🧩 200+ puzzles，40+ skins
4134 | The definitive version of the smash hit Metroidvania-style action-platformer, Guacamelee! STCE adds new levels, powers, challenges and refinements to the sprawling, ridiculous, Mexican-inspired adventure of the original Guacamelee! Gold Edition.
4135 | Test your problem-solving skills in this virtual reality escape-the-room puzzle game. Play as a secret agent armed with telekinetic abilities on a mission to stop Zoraxis, an evil corporation with plans for world domination.
4136 | Put down roots on your new farm in the peaceful town of Forgotten Valley. Bring life to the land by cultivating crops and raising animals, find love among the town's friendly folk, and make lasting memories with a family of your very own.
4137 | Creeper World 3 is what happens when cellular automata takes over a strategy simulation. Instead of discrete units that attack your base, a fluid-like substance spreads over the terraformable terrain. Your base, your weapons, your strategy... you must adapt them all.
4138 | Lead a space corporation in the sci-fi simulator Solargene! Manage personnel, design and develop colonies and orbital stations throughout the solar system! Extract resources, establish logistics, research new technologies, trade and complete missions
"4139 | Thanks to the rising popularity of the PhoneDroid—a device which features augmented reality (A.R.)—the age of advanced technology has finally reached Tanegashima. On that island, Central Tanegashima High's ""Robot Research Club"" is about to have their club disbanded."
4140 | Hometopia is a sandbox home-building game featuring thousands of assets and customization options. Choose from a variety of environments where you can design your dream homes—solo or with friends. Bring your architectural visions to life exactly as you imagine, with no budget limitations.
4141 | Clonizer combines Hex-based tactics and roguelike deckbuilding! Play cards, manage clones, explore unique charming planets and outsmart aliens. Craft a powerful deck through your expedition and Clonize the universe to become employee of the month of CLONPO!
4142 | Go on a trip through time! Experience the freedom of traveling into any date, hour and minute in time between the years 1 and 2077! Help your best friend Edward in his scientific affairs! Watch out for the Time Agents & avoid yourself!
4143 | Valve's WWII Multiplayer Classic - Now available for Mac.
4144 | Embark on a thrilling journey in God of Weapons, an action roguelike where you must ascend the tower of Zhor to reclaim the last light for the world. To survive the monster onslaught on each tower's level, you'll need to obtain and carefully organize weapons and accessories in your inventory.
4145 | Live out your wildest fantasies in the kinkiest clicker/dating sim ever! Disguise yourself as a cab driver, film director, masseur or any other job that can get you laid! While you're at it, take some nudes of the girls you seduce, film some smoking-hot scenes and use them to make big money!
4146 | Explore the forgotten levels of Banban’s Kindergarten. Survive the new terrors that reside below. Uncover the truth behind the place, and find the whereabouts of your missing child…
4147 | Let Them Come is a fast paced pixel art shoot ‘em up. Twitchy trigger fingers and focused battle tactics are the order of the day as wave after wave of alien-like creatures try to take you down.
4148 | Simulator of an 80s Japanese stock market businessman. Chill, catch a retro vibe and watch your profits grow in the text-based game STONKS-9800.
4149 | TerraTech Worlds is an open world, build-craft adventure game, set on an uncharted alien world. Play solo or with friends, explore your surroundings, craft unique vehicles, construct automated bases, and battle your way through hazards and enemies to harness the power of your environment
4150 | This is an intense strategy board game in a steampunk world of corrupt capitalist gremlins who compete for money, political power and prestige. Save and invest, steal and extort, arrest and get arrested – in single-player and multiplayer, with ranks and ladders, team mode and spectator mode.
4151 | Grab your nightstick, squeal like a siren, and Hit the Road with Sam & Max, Freelance Police, as they attempt to crack their toughest case.
4152 | RetroMania Wrestling is a throwback arcade game inspired by classics of the past, with great 2D action and an eclectic roster of wrestlers past and present!
4153 | Discover a unique blend of Colony Sim and Tactical RPG. Recruit and train your heroes, build your outpost, explore dungeons and engage in turn-based strategic battles to protect and expand your domain. Shape your stories by managing moods, relationships, ambitions and more!
4154 | Blood Running is a stylish extraction shooter where you'll enter the cyber-wasteland, fight off creatures and bandits, loot valuable gear, and venture into the remnants of a world in ruins. Are you willing to bleed to survive, Blood Runner?
4155 | Exorcist Simulator is a 1‑4 player online co‑op horror where every play asks the same, terrible question: Will you cast out the Devil —or wear his skin?
4156 | Enter Paradise as Johnny Turbo—half-metal, half-human, all-murder machine. Clean up the streets with a chainsaw leg, 15+ weapons and your hovercar as you battle the rogue AI Syn, rival bounty hunters and cyberpunks aplenty. Apogee’s most outrageous FPS since Duke Nukem 3D. Good hunting, Sir!
4157 | Go head to head with other players in a Bloon-popping battle for victory. From the creators of best-selling Bloons TD 5, this all new Battles game is specially designed for multiplayer combat, featuring the ability to control bloons directly and send them charging past your opponent's defenses.
4158 | The epic tower defense dark fantasy journey continues! Create powerful gems with various abilities and take on the battle against an endlessly flowing army of monsters, and face the growing darkness as you fight your way back towards the Spiritforge.
4159 | New cars, new tools, new options, more parts and much more fun in the next version of Car Mechanic Simulator! Take your wrench! Create and expand your auto repairs service empire. Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 will take you behind the scenes of daily routine in car workshop.
4160 | Suit up and save the day in Project Demigod, a physics-driven superhero sandbox with limitless possibilities.
4161 | A local news team breaks into an abandoned house to chase a salacious ghost story... until a MANIAC chases them! ...VHS era 80's slasher. PS1 style survival horror!
4162 | RAVENSBURG is a haunting RPG where you play as a vampire. Here Lovecraftian Horror meets Anime. Liberate a cult-ridden city, uncover mysteries, and fight horrors beyond imagination while befriending attractive companions. Unravel a gothic mansion, and explore the city’s darkest depths.
4163 | Embark on an odyssey to a distant alien world through an ancient singularity. Establish your base, engineer indispensable bots, create cutting-edge equipment, and unravel the mysteries of civilizations lost in time. Welcome to a universe where the mind has defeated death.
4164 | Engage in a post-apocalyptic RTS showdown between three factions in Battlefall: State of Conflict.
4165 | The culmination of the SWORD ART ONLINE game series, Last Recollection features the largest roster of SAO playable characters and sub scenarios!
4166 | Soul Dossier is a multiplayer game based on Oriental culture (5vS1). The game is based on a variety of traditional Oriental cultures, including five elements, eight diagrams and folklore.
4167 | RUINER is a brutal action shooter set in the year 2091 in the cyber metropolis Rengkok. A wired psychopath lashes out against a corrupt system to uncover the truth and retrieve his kidnapped brother under the guidance of a secretive hacker friend.
4168 | LiDAR Exploration Program is a relaxing atmospheric game with light horror elements, where you explore in complete darkness using a scanner to reveal the world around you.
4169 | War covers the southern islands until it finally reaches the idyllic isle of Feshyr. You take on the role as the new nameless hero after your village has been pillaged and destroyed by paladins of the king. Seeking revenge, you soon realize that this cowardly attack did not just happen on a reckless mercenary`s whim.
"4170 | The ""say anything"" party game is going international! All the hilarious content from Quiplash 2, now in French, Italian, German, and Spanish! With 100 NEW prompts in each language! (And you can still play in boring old English.) Get this QUINTILINGUAL Quiplash now, and take your next party global!"
4171 | DARE TO DESCEND INTO HELL? Hellsweeper VR is an intense first-person action-combat VR experience. Traverse the underworld where every step brings a challenge or a chance. Gain mastery of your weapons and elemental magic, or fall to the unrelenting onslaught of hell's twisted souls.
4172 | Try to survive through the night in a house that's trying its best to kill you and your family.
4173 | The Classic Roguelike Wanders Onto Steam! Adventure with Shiren the Wanderer and his sidekick Koppa, the talking ferret, through a world filled with cunning monsters, deadly traps and countless treasure.
4174 | A village in peril. A samurai reanimated. An Oni advancing. Fight an army of undead warriors and Japanese monsters as a human, a Kodama, and a cat in this 2D stop-motion action adventure.
4175 | Recruit adventurers and monsters to create your own RRG-style town!
4176 | Aragami is a third person stealth game that casts you as an undead assassin with the power to control the shadows. Teleport to any shadow, become invisible, materialize weapons or even summon a shadow dragon to infiltrate the enemy ranks and dispose of your targets.
4177 | MC gets a fresh start after quitting his job and moving to the city of RoshVale. In RoshVale, he will encounter six main female characters. Will he find his perfect match under the city lights, or will he be a player driven by lust? The choice is yours! The story is super simple, or is it?
4178 | In this free 2D puzzle game, you must reassemble broken objects that your cat has knocked over.
4179 | Flow gracefully through a colorful, hand-drawn 2.5D action platformer inspired by Japanese folklore. Engage in acrobatic aerial combat, unlock powerful mystical abilities, and explore an interconnected world of myth as you seek to unravel the mysteries of your origin.
4180 | Jeff Minter is back with another unique take on a 1980s Atari arcade game: I, Robot. Reimagined in Minter’s signature assault of colors, shapes and sounds, this new take on the eclectic arcade title is built from the ground up with new challenges, new twists, and a whole lot of llamas.
4181 | In the facility, each step, each shot, each mistake costs precious energy. Rendered entirely in black and white, this mystery can be unravelled. The puzzle can be solved. Don't ask who tried to solve it before. Do the job. Find oxygen and sleep. Go deeper. And don't ask about Aaron.
4182 | Grandpa goes on a third person, action adventure killing rampage, with his grandson after his smoking session was interrupted by a phone call.
4183 | Download Exploding Kittens® 2 and live your best and most chaotic kitty life! Take a deep whiff of burning furballs, draw a card and pray for victory (and look stylish all the while, thanks to oodles of customisation options for your own adorable avatar).
4184 | Hailed by reviewers and professional drivers, the standard-setting off-road racing simulation has been reinvented! Reach the 2021 season podium, and to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the competition, relive the highlights at the wheel of legendary cars.
4185 | F.I.S.T.: Forged In Shadow Torch is a Metroidvania action game featuring exploration, intense combat and challenging platforming.
4186 | BUILD CIRCUITS. WRITE CODE. RTFM.
4187 | From the creators of the award-winning Hyper Light Drifter comes the high-speed and gravity-bending world of Solar Ash.
4188 | Protect the Infinite Power Generator by looping around the train tracks! Battle endless waves of enemies in this unique hybrid of auto-battler, survivor, tower defense, idle/clicker gameplay. How long can you survive?
4189 | Assemble your team of three from seven unlikely adventurers, then descend into the mysterious depths to explore The Cave!
4190 | Murim Survival is a survival roguelite where you battle relentless enemies within a time limit. Explore a world on the brink of collapse, master martial arts, collect powerful equipment, and unlock unique traits to become a true hero of the Murim. The fate of this world is in your hands.
4191 | Sweet Transit is a unique city builder where the railway is king. Build and automate the dream supply chain for your citizens, giving them all they need to expand quaint villages into bustling cities. Progress from steam power to diesel and beyond in this advanced train-driven experience.
4192 | Sid Meier’s Civilization: Beyond Earth is a new science-fiction-themed entry into the award winning Civilization series. As part of an expedition sent to find a home beyond Earth, lead your people into a new frontier, explore and colonize an alien planet and create a new civilization in space.
4193 | PRIM is a creepy-but-cute point’n’click adventure game full of dark humor. When her mother dies, Prim finds out she’s Death’s daughter and now has to live with her father. But the Grim Reaper has strict rules and when Prim breaks them, things take a fatal turn. Can you breathe life into her misery?
4194 | Personal Trainer is a low-brow humorous adults only interactive Visual Novel. Your goal is to corrupt a women's only gym for your own erotic satisfaction.
4195 | Slip on your flares, grab your shades and hop in your station wagon, it's time to work… as a mob professional cleaner. A good cleaner never gets caught, so you have to make sure you get in, clean up and get out without leaving a trace of evidence in this stylish award winning 2D action-stealth game.
4196 | Mr. Red Face, a fictional character created by adults to teach their children, suddenly becomes real..
4197 | Get ready for some brake jamm'in, CB talk'in, convoy roll'in action across America! From Portland Oregon to Miami Florida, you'll be hauling loads and trying to stay one step ahead of the law as you climb into your Big Rig for non-stop driving action.
4198 | This is an open-world zombie survival game set in a quarantined city. You play as a student left behind due to missing the evacuation convoy. Together with classmates and other survivors, you must defend the school, survive, and await rescue.
4199 | Find your date, jump into action! VR Naughty delivers realistic erotic thrills in an immersive quickie simulator—perfect for those craving a fast, no-strings hookup.
4200 | Control a herd of charming creatures called Trebhum and explore an unforgettable alien world filled with exotic lifeforms and surreal environments. Discover dozens of mutations to overcome puzzles, explore new biomes, and survive on a dangerous planet.
4201 | WRC is the leading off-road simulation franchise. It returns with even more realistic gameplay and more content than ever: 3 new rallies, 35 new special stages, creation of your own custom championships and completely redesigned engine sounds.
4202 | Winkeltje: The Little Shop is all about building, decorating, and running your own old-world fantasy shop. Buy low, sell high - from nails and apples to swords and alchemic love potions. Impress your customers, craft items, and be the master of your very own shop.
4203 | Embark on your struggling artist adventure. Draw and sell art to cheeky critics to reclaim your lost art career. Explore the endearing art-starved town of Phénix and show them you're a true artist!
4204 | Commercial fishing on the Barents Sea! Take the helm of your very own fishing boat in Fishing: Barents Sea and explore the vastness of the Barents Sea in search for the best fishing zones. Start out small and earn officially licensed Scanmar Equipment and the officially licensed Hermes trawler.
4205 | Internet Cafe Simulator 2 is an extremely comprehensive and detailed internet cafe business simulation game.
4206 | Outcast – Second Contact is the complete remake of the cult title which sparked the open world, action-adventure genre. Take off on an exploration of Adelpha, an alien world as beautiful as it is dangerous, where your heroic journey places the fate of two worlds in your hands.
4207 | Iratus: Lord of the Dead is a turn-based tactical roguelike RPG set in a dark fantasy universe. Lead an army of undead to help an angry necromancer in his quest to reach the surface world and bring death to the mortal realms!
4208 | Post Void is a hypnotic scramble of early first-person shooter design that values speed above all else. Keep your head full and reach the end; Kill what you can to see it mend; Get the high score or try again.
4209 | Six-guns and sorcery collide in Eternal, the new strategy card game of unlimited choices and unbelievable fun. Eternal brings AAA pace and polish to the infinite possibilities of a deep strategy card game. The only limits are your own creativity.
4210 | It is a time of great rejoicing in the galaxy. Luke Skywalker, with the help of Wedge Antilles, has blown up the Death Star. But there is little time to celebrate. The mighty Empire is gathering strength for a determined, all-out assault on the Rebel forces.
4211 | Minesweeper but the rules are changing.
4212 | Airships: Lost Flotilla is a steampunk autoshooter where you fight your way through waves of enemies on your way to a safe harbour. Destroy your foes, harvest wreckage, and upgrade your ship.
4213 | A traditional JRPG with a naughty story of fantasy, adventure, and hardcore fun. During the Holy War, the Chosen Ones wielded eight Sacred Artifacts to defeat the Over Devil. Now, one-hundred years later, you must once again journey to defeat the Over Devil and save the world... or destroy it!
4214 | Play a story-driven room escape game with unique puzzles enjoyed by tens of millions of players. Solve mysteries, puzzle through escape rooms, and find the clue that will crack the case in a critically acclaimed puzzle adventure game!
4215 | Congratulations! You’ve been accepted as the only human student at the prestigious St. PigeoNation’s Institute, a school for talented birds! Roam the halls and find love in between classes as a sophomore student at the world’s greatest pigeon high school.
"4216 | Become a giant walking dice, explore dungeons and defy Lady Luck in this dice powered roguelike! Now featuring ""Reunion"", a free DLC with six brand-new episodes!"
4217 | Interact with a multitude of girls. Seduce them with your charm, save them from peril as you slowly create your harem around town.
4218 | ABRISS is an atmospheric physics-destruction building game.Build structures from parts to let them crash into your targets. Unlock new parts, destroy more, witness entropy at its worst in digital-brutalist cityscapes. Build to destroy.
"4219 | ""Hatsune Miku Logic Paint -MIKULOGI-"" has evolved! Hatsune Miku Logic Paint S is now available on Steam!"
4220 | Survive through four days at the end of the world in this post-apocalyptic point-and-click thriller where your choices could keep you alive... or not.
4221 | Stranded in Space is an erotic sci-fi Visual Novel about a man who wakes up on a spaceship filled only with women. Meet a huge cast of beautiful girls, unravel the connected mysteries, and have a ton of sex within a story acclaimed for its comedy and writing.
4222 | Sinners Landing is an adult-themed, romance-based, dungeon crawling RPG with a card-style battle mechanic. Explore dungeons, slay monsters, get loot, and romance the women of the local town.
4223 | Even the smallest person can make a big difference. Join Alba, as she sets out to save her beautiful island and its wildlife. And possibly start a revolution.
4224 | Project QT is a puzzle RPG filled with hot chicks, amazing battles and the naughtiest rewards. Recruit your team of sexy girls and fight the evil infection that has spread into your world. Humanity needs you, so join the greatest and smuttiest adventure in the multiverse!
4225 | A tech-noir survival horror short story, set in the urban decay of a long abandoned British city. Solve environmental puzzles, manage limited resources and fight for a way to escape beyond the wall.
4226 | Tomb Raider: Underworld represents a new advancement in exploration-based gameplay. As fearless adventurer Lara Croft explore exotic locations around the world, each designed with an incredible attention to detail resulting in breathtaking high-definition visual fidelity that creates a truly believable world and delivers a new level of...
4227 | Horticular is a relaxing garden builder where you grow plants, design habitats and attract a wide range of wildlife. Help the gnome Keepers restore a barren wasteland with magical powers and populate it with adorable critters. Reclaim nature from a looming corruption and create your perfect garden.
4228 | Prodeus is a first-person shooter of old, re-imagined using modern rendering techniques and technology. Experience the quality you’d expect from a modern AAA game, designed with retro aesthetics and gameplay that invoke the tech-imposed limits of older hardware.
4229 | It's you, your car and the road. As you drive across the USA, people take notice. But nobody knows where you'll end up - not even you.
4230 | Join the GIRLDIVERS, humanity's last line of offense against an overwhelming alien menace. Command sexy girl soldiers in a rich campaign full of randomly generated challenges, unforgiving enemies, sci-fi gadgets, and heavy firepower. Engaging in lewd punishments and rewards along the way.
4231 | The celebrated RPG classic comes West for the first time! Experience a brand-new HD remaster of the legendary 1995 RPG masterpiece introducing optimised graphics, a new dungeon to explore, new scenarios and a new game+ function.
4232 | Join a Tank as a Driver, Gunner or Commander and team up with and against other Tanks in Tank Vs Tank combat where tactics and communication is key
4233 | Two best friends, one wild adventure. Join best friends Nunu and Willump on an adventure across the frozen wilds of the Freljord. Song of Nunu: A League of Legends Story is a single-player story adventure developed by Tequila Works.
"4234 | ""How to Lose One's Virginity"" is an adult visual novel that describes the process of self-discovery... and hot beauties. Playing the role of a loser, are you able to change your life and become someone women are very fond of and build your own harem?"
4235 | Welcome to 'A Park Full of Cats,' a hidden object game that invites you to revel in the enchanting world of amusement parks! Experience the thrill and excitement of the rides and give those cats the fun they truly deserve!
4236 | Enter the Rhythm Dimension. A homage to classic arcade rhythm games (Guitar Hero, DDR), with a modern aesthetic and soundtrack. Match colours and beats, spin, tap, flick and flow through the juiciest beats in the universe. Supports multiple control styles including MIDI DJ gear on Steam!
4237 | Antichamber is a mind-bending psychological exploration game where nothing can be taken for granted. Discover an Escher-like world where hallways wrap around upon each other, spaces reconfigure themselves, and accomplishing the impossible may just be the only way forward.
4238 | Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri™ Planetary Pack includes the original Alpha Centauri and the expansion, Alien Crossfire.
4239 | Nidhogg is the epic award-winning game of fencing tug-of-war complete with flying giant worms.
4240 | Stalk your prey on the quest for stolen goods with your blackjack, sword, and an assortment of unique arrows. Steal for money and uncover the hidden agendas of your allies and enemies as you play through an unravelling story of deception and revenge.
"4241 | It's finally here! The survival action game that pits the strong against the weak is finally on PC! Experience all the heart-thumping action with a silky-smooth frame rate and ultra high resolution. How you make the best of the weapons, armor, and items at your disposal will determine your fate in the ever-changing ""Tower of Barbs!"
4242 | From the creators of Angel Beats! and CLANNAD, Key, comes their latest emotional, award-winning journey. Follow protagonist Takahara Hairi as he travels to the secluded island Torishirojima, where he rediscovers what it means to enjoy summer vacation.
4243 | Try to escape with your life in a first-person survival horror adventure. Play through the eyes of four distinct characters as you evade and confront terrifying ghosts, unravel mind-bending puzzles, and unearth a sinister conspiracy…
4244 | One day, two adventurers challenge a newly born dungeon. They are the protagonist and Nao. It is a dangerous and unknown dungeon. Along the way, Nao is attacked by a monster and falls into a special abnormal state. Treat the heroine Nao, who is afflicted with various abnormal states, in erotic ways!
4245 | Field of Glory II Medieval is a turn-based tactical game set in the High Middle Ages from 1040 AD to 1270 AD. Developed by legendary designer Richard Bodley Scott it brings the best from the tabletop world into the best digital framework.
4246 | Mosaic of The Pharaohs is a picross/minesweeper hybrid featuring a single ENORMOUS puzzle inspired by Egyptology
4247 | A quirky, absolutely content-packed, destructible open-world sandbox adventure with combat, platforming, character customization, and collect-a-thon scavenger hunt experience. Play solo, 2-player split screen, or online co-op for up to 4 players. No paid cosmetic DLC nonsense.
4248 | A first person melee horror game where you use rusty tools to brutalize a gang of serial torturers in the remote Appalachian Forest.
4249 | Do you want to experience an adult VN that many players and fans only could find the strength to play once? Then this is the game for you. Acting Lessons is packed with a rich story, comedy, sex and drama. The choices you make in this game will affect your adventure until the very end.
4250 | Disembodied souls linger in this old estate. To each one, utter their name.
"4251 | A heartbroken clown, wayward souls, and juicy mechanical lips. As “The Big Event"" draws near, help the troubled residents of the Habitat and de-mask the mysterious Doctor Habit... before it's too late."
4252 | Fantasy meets reality in Shibuya, Tokyo, where magic is something to be feared. In this action RPG, a young wizard seeks freedom through strength, and an officer seeks to control magic and restore order. When their paths cross, a darkness that will transform the world descends.
"4253 | In a world full of fantasy and romance, ""Sexuality with girlfriends: Laler&Reese"" will take you on a sweet journey exclusively for adults! The game is based on the simple and easy-to-use elimination game. Players need to complete various challenges by eliminating gems of the same color!"
4254 | Introducing Assassin’s Creed® Liberation HD, the striking chapter of the pre-American Revolution Assassin’s Creed saga which arrives for the first time on HD consoles and PC. With improved gameplay, a deeper story, and HD graphics, Liberation is an immersive and full Assassin’s Creed experience.The year is 1765.
4255 | A musical bullet-hell where all things beautiful are deadly. Dodge well little nanobot, you don't have much time.
4256 | The spiritual successor to the award-winning game Void Bastards, Wild Bastards is a roguelike strategy shooter with heart-pounding FPS action, mod management, and a tactical campaign. Saddle up and lead the most notorious outlaws in the galaxy.
4257 | THE COLLISION IS INEVITABLE! THE IMPACT WILL BE UNAVOIDABLE! Cross over between 4 different universes! Play as characters from the BlazBlue, Persona, Under Night In-Birth, and (for the first time ever in a fighting game), RWBY series!
4258 | A visual novel about a girl and an alien drinking tea and falling in love!
4259 | Topple Tactics is a physics-based multiplayer tower defense game where one huge player controls the map by placing towers and using abilities, whilst the little players level up their stats and equipment to reach the end of the map and defeat the huge player!
4260 | Mortal Shell is a deep action-RPG that tests your sanity and resilience in a shattered world. Your adversaries spare no mercy, with survival demanding superior awareness, precision, and instincts. Possess lost warriors, track down hidden sanctums of the devout, and face formidable foes.
4261 | Join the Turtle brothers straight from the sewers and slide into this new adventure of shell-shocking proportions!
4262 | Cyber Manhunt is a story-oriented puzzle game focusing on big data, hacking, citizen privacy, and social workers. It focuses on social issues such as cyber violence and privacy breaches.
4263 | The ultimate edition of Panzer Corps, containing hundreds of scenarios and all its expansions. Panzer Corps Gold is the culmination of the wargame that has enthralled millions of fans all around the globe, and now it’s your chance to fully experience a real classic.
4264 | Nine Parchments is a co-operative blast'em up game of magic mayhem from Frozenbyte, creators of the Trine series!
4265 | Hasbro's Battleship is the original strategic naval war game. Choose your Captain, position your ships, aim your missiles and sink the enemy's fleet! Face them in Classic mode, or step-up the stakes in the all new Commanders Mode. Ready, aim, FIRE!
4266 | Wilmot's Warehouse is a puzzle game about keeping a warehouse running in tip-top shape. Just remember where you put everything, because when the service hatch opens, you'll need to find the things people want quickly, in order to earn the coveted Performance Stars.
4267 | One day, you find a shivering, barefooted girl in ragged clothes knocking on your door. She has no recollections of her past, and she doesn’t even remember her name. You can help her recover her memories or let her stay at your side forever.
4268 | Become a thief in VR! Feel the thrill of stealing in free roam sandbox neighborhoods. Use lockpicks and hi-tech hacking tools. Observe your target, gather information and hide from police. Or drive a car like crazy to get out of trouble!
4269 | A disgruntled employee is fired from his job, sparking a path of rage and destruction. Lead Alyx through his journey of vengeance and creatively kill enemies in this pixel-art adventure where you, are the villain.
4270 | Enjoy Disney Infinity with a Full Toy Box! Disney Infinity 1.0: Gold Edition gives you the freedom to create stories and play experiences with all Disney Infinity 1.0 Characters and Playsets Unlocked and ready for you to mix, match and mash up to invent just about any adventure you can imagine.
4271 | Gym Simulator 24: Build Your Fitness Empire! Embark on a journey to create your dream fitness haven in Gym Simulator 24, the ultimate simulation game where you'll ascend the ranks and craft your very own fitness empire.
4272 | Set on the earth and in space on July 14, 2520 A.D., the film explores the mystery of mankind's extinction. Various terrains become battlefields. Enemies attack from all directions. There are 23 bosses in total. Aim for a high score by making full use of score bonuses and level-up weapons!
4273 | SteamWorld Dig is an action-adventure puzzler with strong Metroidvanian influences set in the SteamWorld Universe. You’ll need to dig deep into the earth, gather resources to upgrade your tools and abilities, take on enemies, solve challenging puzzles and uncover the secrets to save a dying town.
4274 | Lydia Collier has been charged with the murder of her billionaire husband after he mysteriously vanished, and it is your job to prove her innocence. Find evidence, follow leads, make decisions and crack the case, and whilst you do it date and find love in London as a newly single, wealthy lawyer.
4275 | Pilot a mech to hunt down and destroy the oppressive government of a cyberpunk autocracy. In this fast-paced, top-down shooter, use overwhelming firepower to destroy columns of tanks and level buildings. Unlock up to 56 unique vehicles and 40 weapons.
4276 | This Co-op Shooter , has Day and Night levels, multiple maps, players will take on 25 enemy types and numerous bosses, like Gargantuan Monsters and Minibosses every 10 days as you explore, shoot and run for your life against the onslaught of porcine monstrosities.
4277 | NBA arcade action is back with NBA 2K Playgrounds 2! Pick your team, get ready to jam, and Ball Without Limits!
4278 | Wealthy, handsome, and... dead? Samuel strikes a deal with Death for one last shot at life, but only if he can survive a day doing everything manually. Blink, breathe, walk, and work - Guide Sam in this darkly humorous and brutally difficult adventure!
4279 | The 2D side-scrolling shooter from The Behemoth is back! With your mighty blaster and a group of mysterious kids by your side, destroy the agency and reclaim your spaceship!
4280 | A Shot in the Dark is a choice-driven adult visual novel about new possibilities and dark secrets.
4281 | The man in the corner of your hotel room wants you to click something. He wants to watch you click it.
4282 | INFRA puts you into the boots of a structural analyst on a routine mission. Quickly though, your task turns into a fight for survival, all caused by deep-rooted schemes of the past. Your tools are simple: your camera and the wits to navigate a labyrinth of debris.
4283 | The final battle of FAIRY TAIL is about to begin
4284 | With Eyes Closed - Season 1 is a Visual Novel style game focused on storytelling, realistic characters, a branching narrative with numerous choices, and, of course, exceptional visual quality.
4285 | When all the villains in Arkham Asylum team up and break loose, only the dynamic duo is bold enough to take them on to save Gotham City. The fun of LEGO, the drama of Batman and the uniqueness of the combination makes for a comical and exciting adventure in LEGO Batman: The Videogame.
4286 | Grow your own worlds and nurture a deep natural connection with everything they hold. See your actions change the world for better! Bring the Evertree back to life in this breathtaking world-crafting sandbox, with life management and adventure elements.
4287 | A mystery adventure game about an aspiring actor turned detective. Dotson comes across a case where each clue unravels new details about his father’s sudden passing. Engage in a riveting story, explore vibrant modern India, and use your wits to uncover the truth.
4288 | A laid-back farming simulator where you play as Lisa, a dedicated farmer by day and a passionate partner of Honoka at night. Work the land, raise animals, and cultivate your relationship. Unlock special scenes as your bond and farm flourish.
4289 | A twin-stick, bullet-hell, roguelite where you must cultivate and defend the last farm in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Farm mutated crops, upgrade your weapons, marry townsfolk, and kill every mutant creature that tries to invade your homestead! Yee-haw!
4290 | Get behind the controls of a classic Russian locomotive and see if wild animals, bad people, strong frosts and a constantly breaking locomotive is able to stop you. Try to survive on the longest railway line in the world!
4291 | Grab your trench coat, tune your sixth sense and join the Darkside Division as they investigate the outright bizarre, the downright dangerous and the confusing cases of Twin Lakes. Flesh-hungry tentacles, mafian zombies, and the occasional missing sock are no match for The Darkside Detective.
4292 | An immersive choose-your-own-adventure survival horror with optional adult content featuring hand drawn backgrounds, sprites, and over 150 pieces of full screen art- and 50 endings.
4293 | Based on the popular TV franchise, this charming couch co-op quiz game for 1-8 players will have you face more than 6800 fully English-voiced questions. Prove how much you still know from school and that you are, in fact, smarter than a 5th grader.
4294 | Embark on an emotional journey of losing the love of one's life. Manipulate time, solve puzzles, reshape surroundings as you push forward into the bittersweet recollections of a past life. This is a story about happiness and hardship, joy and sorrow. A story that all of us will one day experience.
4295 | The ground starts shaking, light bulbs are breaking - and something rather unusual is happening right behind the walls of your very room. Equipped with nothing but wit and courage, you slowly descend into a world inhabited by avian folk and seemingly deadly furniture monsters.
4296 | When your mother remarries, her new husband's fiery daughter enters your life. After forming an initial strong connection, misunderstanding pushes you apart. Years later, reunited by tragedy and conspiracy, the two of you must choose a path to follow: Will you be rivals, friends, or lovers?
4297 | Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition revives the classic RPG with fresh updates for modern players. Build a party of Dungeons & Dragons heroes and explore the frozen tundra in this retro fantasy adventure.
4298 | Lilly was spirited away to a mysterious island. As her memories fade, everyone seems to know her and her quest for her missing sister. It’s time to establish a homestead, meet your friendly Everfolks, then learn their secrets and solve the mystery of Everholm, in this open-ended minimalist RPG!
4299 | Fear the Spotlight is an atmospheric third-person horror adventure with a disturbing mystery to unravel. Sneak into school after hours with Vivian and Amy, survive a séance gone wrong, solve tactile puzzles, and, whatever you do, stay out of the spotlight…
4300 | Gatekeeper is a fast-paced rogue-like. Go on a quest to find the stolen Heart of the Universe and shoot your way through the hordes of machine enemies guarding the planetary gates. Play solo or in 4 people co-op and become the next Guardian!
4301 | Early 90s. You stayed in a quiet hotel for just one night and the next morning you’ve found out that the old world was destroyed. Alien dreams, secrets of your past and other guests that are turning into monsters. This hotel will not let you to check out.
4302 | Welcome to Grand Mall Simulator — Take control of a shopping mall and turn it into the city’s top shopping hotspot! Grand Mall Simulator is a multi-store management game where you hire staff, decorate storefronts, and earn money by completing tasks and expanding your business beyond the mall!
4303 | The Convenience Store | 夜勤事件 is a J-horror game about a college girl on a night shift.
4304 | Teeth-clenching stealth, followed by tactical hardcore gunplay for those not looking for a quiet way in. Intravenous redefines challenging stealth-action and will keep you on the edge of your seat!
4305 | Break Siege is a train-themed deck-building rougelike game in which you constantly construct your own deck and breakthrough forces of the Imperial in intense, real-time battles.
4306 | Drunken Wrestlers 2 is a funny physics-based multiplayer fighting game. Features include character customization and a powerful mod editor integrated with Steam Workshop.
"4307 | The original cute and hardcore shrine maiden shooter is now available on Steam! Completely new game, a sequel to the home original ""Pocky&Rocky"" (Super Nintendo Entertainment System)! The adventures of Pocky&Rocky begin once again."
4308 | Pulse-racing new installment from 2007's PC Game of the Year*: Play as Sergeant Sykes and experience a whole new side of the battle. A standard combat mission behind enemy lines becomes critical when you discover your enemies have captured something of vital importance to the ensuing war.
"4309 | ""Please... kill me."" ""Help me get outta here, and I'll kill you."" ~ Angels of Death is a psychological horror-adventure game, consisting of four episodes."
4310 | BIOMUTANT® is an open-world, post-apocalyptic Kung-Fu fable RPG, with a unique martial arts styled combat system allowing you to mix melee, shooting and mutant ability action.
4311 | Welcome to Tram Simulator Urban Transit - get on aboard! In this game, you take on the role of a tram driver and manager. Drive 6 tram models. Transport passengers and drive them to the numerous stops. Plan your own routes, manage your timetables, and expand your tram network.
4312 | From the creators of ABZÛ, The Pathless is the mythic adventure of an archer and an eagle in a vast forest. Become the Hunter, a master of archery who travels to a mystical island to dispel a curse of darkness that grips the world.
4313 | A gas station management game, start by selling a car to raise funds and invest in an abandoned plot of land. Build, expand, and upgrade your gas station, diversify services, customize and manage time efficiently during peak hours. And maybe you will become rich
4314 | Eternal Threads is a single-player, first-person story-driven puzzle game of time manipulation, choice and consequence.
4315 | Erotica is an Adult Visual Novel that takes you to the town of Hillside, here you will embark on a lovely and relaxing adventure, living a normal life with it's own ups and downs. The game offers multiple choices, relationship building and 7 unique endings which can be unlocked through choices.
4316 | Build your dream cat cafe in this tiny cozy management sim that lives at the bottom of your screen! Unlock exciting new recipes, decorate your space with our wide variety of goodies, and watch cute cat helpers take care of the cafe while you're doing other things.
4317 | Uncover the mystery of Thalassa, a first-person psychological drama set under the sea. Ill-fate has fallen on your former crew and friends and it’s up to you to find answers onboard the wreckage. Experience the melancholic underwater journey of human stories facing life and loss.
4318 | Preserve is a relaxing puzzle nature-building game in which you flourish a vibrant ecosystem by cleverly placing plants and animals to create a perfect symbiosis to your liking.
4319 | Unpredictable horrors lurk around every corner, forcing you to find the missing people while desperately clinging to survival. In this experience even your own mind can become your enemy. Stay vigilant and keep your voice hushed, or risk becoming another victim of the forest's darkness
4320 | Kill the monsters & grab the loot in the classic card game!
4321 | Catch, evolve and collect over 300 unique Nexomon! Assemble the ultimate Nexomon team to save your friends and save the world! Clash against legendary champions and become a hero in this epic journey!
4322 | He is coming, stalking criminals in the spirit world and the real world. A possessed man is coming, a voodoo mask in his chest and lines of power in his back. Shadow Man is coming, trailing evil from Liveside to Deadside. To stop an apocalypse. To save your soul.
4323 | This is a free multiplayer PvP strategy game that incorporates rogue-like and auto chess elements, players need to equip their auto-battling heroes with the right treasures and skills to ultimately defeat all other players and become the champion.
4324 | Mega Man X Legacy Collection includes the legendary 16-bit titles and the series’ exciting foray into the 32-bit era: Mega Man X, Mega Man X2, Mega Man X3, and Mega Man X4. Test your skills in the new X Challenge mode, which pits players against two deadly bosses at once.
4325 | This is a surreal exploration game. Explore a massive fractal with great complexities. You can shrink infinitely to go deeper into the fractal. Or you can become larger by growing. Inner space awaits you in this infinite world.
4326 | In Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: Rita's Rewind, the team faces off against a robotic reincarnation of the Power Rangers' long-time nemesis. Robo Rita has conjured a portal to send herself back in time so she can finally vanquish the Power Rangers by forming an alliance with her younger self.
4327 | Step into the wacky heroic fantasy universe of the Dungeon of Naheulbeuk. Lead a team of unlikely and clumsy heroes in an epic and challenging tactical RPG. Live an adventure filled with humor, surprises and silly encounters.
"4328 | ""planetarian: Snow Globe,"" the prequel to Key's sci-fi kinetic novel ""planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet,"" is now available with binaural audio support! Enjoy the story of a companion robot and her coworkers at a planetarium, and the simple joys they find in their everyday lives."
4329 | Meet Yoku, the pint-sized postman protagonist of Yoku's Island Express! Use a unique blend of pinball mechanics, platforming and open world exploration to unlock the secrets of Mokumana Island, help the locals, awaken ancient deities and much more in this amazing new tropical adventure!
"4330 | Step into the shoes of a government official in a top-secret department of the Orwell surveillance program. Given the power to both uncover and fabricate ""the truth"", how far will you go in the service of your country? Season 2 of Orwell, the award-winning surveillance thriller."
"4331 | Escape The Ayuwoki is a first person horror-adventure videogame, in which you need to escape from a haunted mansion as quiet as possible, to evade the hideous creature called ""The Ayuwoki"". Stealth Mode will be your ally!"
4332 | Farm the world in an immersive top-down management game that lets you choose your farm's location anywhere on the real-world map! Want to experience a rich strawberry harvest in the French countryside? Or challenge the hot sun in South America? The choice is yours!
4333 | TAG TEAM WITH DESTINY! Pro wrestling and RPG fantasy collide in the ultimate pixel powered adventure. “Macho Man” Randy Savage and tons of other icons offer guidance as you powerbomb your way to glory beyond the ring. This hero’s journey ain’t just an epic quest, it’s WRESTLEQUEST!
"4334 | Heaven, earth and mankind - Create and destroy everything according to your will! Experience the revival of the '90s classic hit ""Actraiser"""
4335 | I was single for over 30 years and had masturbated to the point of kidney failure, then crossed over and even started a harem!With all these different kinds of beautiful women in front of me, the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak .... but can't be such a bully ah!
4336 | Shashingo is an edutainment game that teaches you Japanese through virtual photography. With your trusty camera, take photographs of the fictional streets of Japan to capture new words and images as fully translated flash cards!
4337 | The king of submarine simulations returns with an all-new 3D engine, new crew command features, and more realistic WWII naval action than ever before. The movie-like graphics and simple, tension-filled gameplay make this the perfect game for the realism fanatic and the casual gamer.
4338 | You're a little crow trying to prove herself to the world. Make new animal friends, poop on unsuspecting hoomans, and steal all the shiny trinkets! Each level is a little sandbox full of fun items to discover and puzzles to solve, while leaving a bit of chaos behind. Why? Just caws!
4339 | Manage a prosperous car shop empire and enter the complex car maintenance and repair world. This simulation game offers a comprehensive, in-depth experience that combines strategic business management with the technical nuances of car maintenance.
4340 | BPM is a rhythm-action FPS rogue-like where you must shoot, jump and dodge to the beat of an epic rock soundtrack. Delve into a randomly generated dungeon where one missed note can lead to your death. Gain game-changing abilities and loot powerful weaponry to defeat your ancient enemy: Nidhogg.
4341 | The epic clash between two storied universes returns with Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite. Ultron Sigma has begun the eradication of all biological life. Against all odds, heroes stand together against the ultimate threat, their only hope laying with the all-powerful Infinity Stones.
4342 | Humanity has been destroyed - and it's up to Gori, along with his deadly but wise-cracking sentient hoverboard, F.R.A.N.K, and morose AI companion, CH1-P, to shred and slay the evil Adorable Army!
4343 | Seat customers, serve drinks, and manage chaos with up to 4 players! Keep the peace by considering customer types while seating them. Survive disasters, handle quirky customers, and design the perfect venue to keep the party going!
"4344 | A young girl finds herself trapped in the lair of tentacles. The player must escape from this nest. However, these creatures seem to have only one thing on their minds""lust""! As long as you drain all the monsters you encounter, you can escape, right?"
4345 | Immersive adult playspace featuring a diverse range of intimate experiences to explore in a safe, judgement-free, anonymous environment. Our innovative sex-tech allows you to see, hear, and FEEL the action in perfect sync. Compatible with all popular haptic sex toys, or even your game controller!
4346 | Get ready to feel the heat in MILF's Camp🔥 - an adult visual novel set up around a summer festival. Music, free-spirited people and lots of beauties around! Pick between a rock star and the mysterious local MILFs - it’s your summer!
4347 | The floating garbage town strategy game! Scavenge what precious garbage you can from the ocean's surface and grow your city while doing your best to survive in this colorful post-apocalyptic world.
4348 | Try the demo! A mix between Portal, Zelda and Metroid. Exploration, puzzles, terrible combat, secret upgrades and new abilities that help you reach new places. Playtime 12-25h.
4349 | Live – Build – Farm: Enjoy a unique mix of farming, constructing and life simulation that takes you to the countryside and holds plenty of challenging gameplay in stock!
4350 | A 3rd person, fixed-camera survival horror adventure. Fear the Presence, a mysterious entity you cannot fight: stay alert, hide, breathe slowly... Explore cursed places where unseen spirits and lost souls linger in a true horror story for the ages.
4351 | RATSHAKER™ is the fun and quirky solution to all your rat problems! Hold on to the RAT, shake your arm, and watch life’s problems disappear! How far can you go?
4352 | BLACKSHARD is a first-person exploration game. Wander through a strange megastructure, the Labyrinth, to unravel its mysteries... Your behavior within the Labyrinth will define the outcome of your journey. What path will you choose to take?
4353 | OPPAI Ero App Academy: Bigger, Better, Electric Boobaloo is a VISUAL NOVEL set in Toaru Academy, an all-girls academy where a bigger bust indicates higher exp! Shimojo Kazuma is the first male student at the school. Will he be able to win the hearts of these buxom beauties?
4354 | Step into Twinsun's fantastical world in this action-adventure remake! Little Big Adventure - Twinsen's Quest brings brand new visuals, new music by the original composer, and smoother gameplay to the iconic classic released back in 1994.
4355 | Prove your political brilliance in a grand strategy like no other: pick any contemporary country, set up your government and navigate the pitfalls of domestic and international politics. A glorious destiny awaits - the domination of not just the Earth, but the whole Solar system!
4356 | Change the minds of evildoers…for good! MINDHACK is a text adventure game where you meet unique evildoers, hack their minds, and rewrite them into happy people!
4357 | Garden Life is a relaxing gardening game in which you create your dream garden in a peaceful, colourful world. Plant and add ornaments at your own pace, transforming an overgrown forgotten plot into a flourishing community garden.
4358 | Two puzzle game juggernauts collide as global phenomenon Tetris® and SEGA’s famous Puyo Puyo™ combine in a super mash-up of ferocious competition, adorable looks, and addictive puzzle fun!
4359 | Enjoy Disney Infinity with a Full Toy Box! Disney Infinity 3.0: Gold Edition includes Star Wars with the existing collection of Marvel and Disney characters and worlds, and NOW with all Characters and Playsets Unlocked. Embark on adventures as big as your imagination in the 3.0 Toy Box!
4360 | Download now and explore VAIL’s free-to-play Citadel. Discover why VAIL is the highest rated VR Shooter with best-in-class mechanics, precisely tuned interactions, and immersive physics systems.
4361 | Lock 'n Load Tactical is fast and Furious tactical combat that is fast to learn. In LnLT you get squads, weapon teams, armored vehicles, fixed-wing aircraft, and, in the modern-era games, helicopters. Individuals such as Leaders, Medics, Snipers, Chaplains, Advisors, and, of course, Heroes.
4362 | 20 Minutes Till Dawn is a survival roguelite where endless hordes of creatures lurk from the dark. Craft an array of overpowering builds and eradicate waves of Lovecraftian nightmares. Will you be able to survive the night?
4363 | A fast-paced 3D shooting action game packed with love for classic arcade hits of the '80s and '90s. Control ASURA, a humanoid combat weapon, and unleash shots, charged punches, and slow-motion powers to wipe out waves of alien invaders. Pure arcade intensity!
4364 | Set sail and join the colonial powers of Spain, England, France and the Netherlands in their fight for supremacy of the Caribbean in the 17th century.
4365 | Bingle Bingle is a 'Roulette Builder' game where you can create your own Roulette. Strategically combine various betting options and unique balls to create synergies, earn extreme scores, and beat the casino.
4366 | Step into the role of an aspiring martial-arts master and follow the path of the open palm or the closed fist.
4367 | A spot the difference -type of puzzle horror game about monitoring live surveillance camera footage and spotting anomalies. Anomalies range from furniture movement to intruders. Fix anomalies by filing reports. You will need sharp eyes and good memory. The goal is to survive the entire night.
4368 | SEXXX GIRLS [18+] is a futuristic visual novel with point-and-click gameplay. Step in as a PR agent for top superheroines, managing scandals, boosting reputations, and navigating a world of lies, temptation, and power. Will you follow the system or break it? Your choices shape everything!
4369 | Feeling that your computer desktop is too plain? Want to find a cute girl to keep you company? Then try this desktop pet wife!
4370 | Commemorating 30 years of the Uncharted Waters seriesSail through the vast oceans, massive worlds and contentsOpen world exploration RPG Uncharted Waters Origin
4371 | Pepper Grinder is an action-packed 2D adventure blending traditional platforming with an alternate drilling mode that allows you to dive in and out of the earth like a dolphin swims through water.
4372 | In a world becoming corrupted by the evil Slime King, KILL or CAPTURE various slimes to grow stronger and save Slimetopia! Venture through procedurally generated levels in this fast-paced roguelike, if you're tough enough to not get slimed...
"4373 | Combat Mission Fortress Italy brings wargamers to the ""soft underbelly of Europe"", a place that was anything but."
4374 | Defend Ooo from the Bloon invasion in this epic tower defense crossover.
4375 | Witness the tale of a most foolish family. A remake of the classic horror exploration game makes its way to Steam.
4376 | Build an industrial empire from scratch in Industry Giant 4.0. Produce goods, build up your industries, construct transportation networks, plan production, manage finances, and navigate global events. Become the next business tycoon and write history!
4377 | Gather exotic ingredients, brew complex mixtures, and expand your magically automated production lines -- keeping your shelves stocked, your customers happy, and your pockets full.
4378 | The Maid is a first-person psychological horror and mystery game that focuses on creating fear and tension in the player.
4379 | Pony Island is a suspense puzzle game in disguise. You are in limbo, trapped in a malevolent and malfunctioning arcade machine devised by the devil himself. It is not a game about ponies.
4380 | You are Frank West – photojournalist and original hero of the Dead Rising Willamette incident – taking center stage experiencing the re-imagined Fortune City outbreak.
4381 | The Man With The Hat Is Back In His Greatest Adventure Yet! 1939 - The eve of World War II. Nazi agents are about to get their hands on a weapon more dangerous than the atom bomb. Only Indy can stop them before they unleash the deadly secret that sank Atlantis.
"4382 | Set two years after the events of ""Summer with Mia"", reunite with Mia and decide the course of your relationship with her and many others throughout this exciting, lengthy story. With hundreds of quality animations, impactful choices and multiple endings, journey into a summer you'll never forget."
4383 | The legendary monster training duology, “Monster Rancher” and “Monster Rancher 2”, is back!
4384 | DDinosaur has felt alone for millions of years now... Will she be able to find love without revealing her biggest secret? That she's a Dinosaur...with double D's.
4385 | Become the ultimate assassin in the most realistic modern warfare sniping game available. Engage in an immersive single-player campaign across large, open-ended maps. Tactical thinking, stealth approach and precision in execution of long shots required.
4386 | SNK 40th Anniversary Collection is the ultimate collection of classic arcade games from SNK's golden age with 24 different nostalgic titles back from the 1980s, and many bells and whistles for the best game experience on Steam!!
4387 | Alluring audio! Pixel art perfection! Beat-em up beauty! Discover how hard a 32,000kg ninja hits with The Ninja Saviours!
4388 | A killer puzzle game where you control Skullface, a psycho slasher bent on slaughtering camp counselors at the title campground. Slide an adorable voxel murderer around hundreds of isometric puzzle levels to squash, flay, and decapitate hapless victims in this darkly comic homage to 80s horror.
4389 | An adult visual novel with 20 romanceable characters, each with their own individual, optional, storylines. Plenty of sex, laughs, and romance awaits you as you navigate the different relationships, while trying to solve the mystery of your missing father.
4390 | Step into a hand-animated realm of wonder in which everyday objects take on a life of their own. Uncover the Forgotlings’ mysteries & harness magical forces as you embark upon a quest to return home.
4391 | Witness the sinking of RMS Titanic. Explore the shipwreck. Titanic VR is a diving simulator and immersive interactive story. With over 6 hours of game-play Titanic VR you will leave with a greater understanding of the historic tragedy that unfolded in 1912.
4392 | Grid management roguelike tower defense that emphasizes mechanics and features dazzling visual effects. Don't overthink it, just stack and play! Enhancement modules boost your attributes, affix modules change the mechanics, and more... all within the grid. Time to create a new and improved build!
4393 | Outwit your most cunning adversary to date in the latest installment of this popular, spy-themed VR puzzle series. Wield new gadgets, visit action-packed locales, and wear custom disguises as you dive back into the world of espionage in this escape room game.
4394 | Nomadic Survival MMO. Build wooden walking machines to travel to new lands. Create clans and fight for territory. Resources deplete fast, so take your sword and scavenge, pirate, and trade to stay alive.
4395 | Paper Trail is a top-down puzzle adventure about leaving home, set in a foldable, paper world.
4396 | TDUSC is a lifestyle and social experience that redefines what an open-world racing game can be. Explore a fully recreated Hong Kong Island. Take to the road behind the wheel of exceptional cars and live the ultimate life of luxury.
4397 | Experience the original SENRAN KAGURA Burst, the beginning of the world's best-loved buxom battle series, like never before! Tackle the classic ninja brawler from a whole new perspective in gorgeous, fluid HD, with new features and mechanics throughout!
4398 | Franchise Hockey Manager returns for the 2024-25 season with plenty of additions to the deepest, most authentic hockey strategy gaming experience you can find. Choose from teams around the globe and select a team to guide to glory, including a chance at the ultimate prize, the Stanley Cup®.
4399 | Pilot legendary aircraft of the early years of aviation, French Spad 13, German Albatros D.Va and Russian built Nieuport 17, in the free-to-play Rise of Flight United! This WWI aviation sim that has something for every flight-sim fan, from single player skirmish and career to multiplayer dogfights, but one thing is for certain, the...
4400 | RUNNING WITH RIFLES is a top-down tactical shooter with open world RPG elements. In RWR, you join the ranks of an army as a common soldier, just like the thousands around you.
4401 | Grandia II is back and better than ever! The classic Japanese RPG returns with enhanced visuals, new difficulty level, and features both keyboard and gamepad support!
4402 | Immerse yourself in the WAKFU universe with this free to play MMORPG. Select your class, travel the world, meet adventurers to challenge powerful monsters in epic turn-based battles.Participate in the kingdom’s economy and politics and create your own legend!
4403 | Nuclear Throne is a post-apocalyptic roguelike-like top-down shooter. Not 'the final hope of humanity' post-apocalyptic, but 'humanity is extinct and mutants and monsters now roam the world' post-apocalyptic. Fight your way through the wastelands with powerful weaponry, collecting radiation to mutate some new limbs and abilities.
4404 | A story-rich tale of breaking the bonds of fate... and meeting some cute guys along the way!
"4405 | Summer stretches on endlessly. Beneath the vast blue sky. Beneath the air in which she awaits— AIR, the second game released by visual novel studio Key, is now available on Steam! Now featuring the side story novel, ""First Sky Chapter"" and full voice support!"
4406 | Virtual Sailor NG is an open world sailing simulator with accurate physics, simulating well the various boats included. The game allows the user to modify and experiment with scenery making and vehicle design by way of extreme mod ability, with a large library of existing mods and add-ons.
4407 | Lead your Viking clan onto unknown shores and carve out a future for your people in the fjords of Frozenheim. Gather resources, expand, and watch your settlement grow to a bustling town that will withstand the harshness of winter and wrath of other clans.
4408 | A unique mix of adventure and idle game. Plan and optimise your loops carefully and let the grind happen automatically. Explore this unique world, meet strange characters and escape the loop. A high-quality idle game that elevate the mechanics through an old school pixel-art adventure.
4409 | PROJECT: PLAYTIME is a Free-to-Play multiplayer horror game where six players attempt to create one giant toy while surviving a terrifying monster that roams the toy factory. A seventh player controls the monster and is given only one goal: Find and kill everyone.
4410 | Play as a Bear Witch and protect nature with your Honey Magic. Help your bee buddies make honey by planting flowers, befriend your animal neighbours and stop waves of evil robots from destroying the forest!
4411 | The pinnacle of alien evolution, Maw is a cowardly fat blob concerned mostly with snacking and lounging. He can, however, absorb the traits of anything he eats, is virtually indestructible, and can grow to unlimited size. If he wasn't a danger to all life in the universe, he'd make the perfect pet.
4412 | Motherless is a captivating story-driven visual novel designed for mature audiences. Follow Sunny's journey, who was separated from his mother at birth, leaving him with scant knowledge of his past. Join him as he embarks on a quest to reunite with his long-lost mother and be richly rewarded.
4413 | In a lonely station atop a mountain, a train rumbles its precious cargo to places unknown. Now is your shift. Keep the pace. Uncover a mystery. Fight for your last breath. The air is thin up here.
4414 | Unravel a thrilling sci-fi mystery in this action-packed twin-stick roguelite shooter. Select your load-out, stack up temporary and persistent upgrades, and delve into the depths of a subterranean base, either alone or in a group of up to 3 players.
4415 | Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a cinematic adventure filled with action-packed platforming and creative puzzle-solving. Armed with only a Magic Marker, Max must confront evil at every turn in a hostile and fantastical world in order to save his kid brother, Felix. Join Max on his great adventure!
4416 | Built exclusively for VR, Arizona Sunshine® puts you and up to 3 fellow survivors in the midst of a zombie apocalypse. Survive solo or in co-op, handle weapons with real-life movements, and explore a post-apocalyptic world in VR. Putting the undead back to rest is more thrilling than ever before.
4417 | I created Caves of Lore because of my deep love for RPGs. This project took me 6 years to make and I learned a lot about coding, art, and storytelling. If you reach the end then be sure to let me know! Caves has deep combat, classic-styled pixel art, and (of course) LORE! 📖
4418 | Hard West 2 is a journey to the heart of darkness in the American West. Take control of a supernatural posse and catch the mysterious Ghost Train. Outsmart, outcheat and outgun your enemies in this turn-based tactics game set in a Wild West world where nothing is as it seems.
4419 | Bloodhunt is a thrilling free-to-play battle royale game set in Prague consumed by a ruthless war between vampire factions. Use your supernatural powers, weapons, and wit to hunt your rivals and dominate the night!
4420 | CONTRAST is a puzzle/platform game where you can move between a fantastic 3D world and a mysterious shadowy universe in 2D in the blink of an eye. Delve into a dreamlike and surreal 1920s world, inspired by the performance art world of vaudeville and film noir, and cradled by a smooth and sultry jazz ambiance.
4421 | The Living Remain is a virtual reality first person adventure shooter where players immerse themselves in a world where the undead have taken over. You must survive the horde of undead using an arsenal of weapons in a story driven campaign loaded with a variety of interactive environments.
4422 | Restore an abandoned bakery and prepare pastries from farm to table! Grow fresh ingredients in the greenhouse, cook pastries & sweets in the kitchen and serve your baked goods to hungry customers in your own shop!
4423 | Be My Horde is a top-down 2D survival roguelite. Become a formidable necromancess, and make your enemies a resource! Resurrect each fallen foe, create massive hordes of the undead, and use the harvested souls to enhance your skills, growing more powerful with each death. PRAISE BE MORIANA!
4424 | A horror cooking simulator where the secret ingredient is crime. Improve your shops, buy new tools, expand your menu, and above all, make your customers happy.
4425 | Inspired by BioShock and System Shock 2, Void Bastards is a revolutionary new strategy-shooter that will test your wits as well as exercise your aim. Can you lead the misfit prisoners of the Void Ark through the derelict spaceships and myriad dangers of the Sargasso Nebula?
4426 | Deathsmiles is CAVE's bullet-hell shoot-'em-up where you take the role of one of five Angels to defend the magical land of Gilverado from an invasion by Hell itself! Eradicate this devilish assault!
4427 | Created by and for tennis fans, Tennis Elbow 4 is the sequel of TE2013, and offers a tennis simulation with an easy and intuitive learning curve, but with exceptional gameplay depth.
4428 | Grow your realm, build alliances, and explore one of the deepest idle RPGs ever!
4429 | Realistic Ragdoll Sandbox is an immersive game that stands out for its realistic ragdoll physics, which together with various creation and damage tools, provides the player with a mix of realism and fun.
4430 | 1924. Private Investigator Pierce is sent to look into the tragic death of the Hawkins family. Plunge into a world of creeping madness and cosmic horror. Cryptic clues, shadowy figures, and pure terror bar your way as you fight to retain your sanity and solve an otherworldly mystery.
4431 | [Single player JRPG] Take your cat on a time-traveling adventure!
4432 | Beneath the dazzling lights of New York, a sinister darkness lurks. In the hour when the whole city is sleeping, a strange and terrifying man emerges from the darkness, intent on shattering your mind and spirit
4433 | DIVE. DISCOVER. DIE. Crew a submarine with friends in We Need To Go Deeper - a 2-4-player cooperative submarine roguelike set in a Verne-inspired undersea universe.
4434 | A Tropical Open-World adventure. Climb, glide, swim, and sail your boat around a beautiful archipelago in this physics-driven sandbox. Take control of any animal or object you can find, and Jam on your fully playable Ukulele.
4435 | Soar through the skies aboard a majestic warbird, explore a stunning oceanic world and engage in epic aerial dogfights, in this BAFTA-nominated air combat game from solo developer, Tomas Sala.
"4436 | A mother, searching for her lost daughter, stumbles into a strange cult village. ""Incantation"" is a first-person horror game. It reveals the chilling story behind the ""Chen Family Village"". What are the consequences of crossing dark boundaries?"
4437 | In this hex-based, turn-based strategy game, players will lead the Imperial forces of the Armageddon Steel Legion and Space Marines from a variety of Chapters against the Ork invasion through over 30 scenarios, on the hostile terrain of the planet and its gigantic Hive Cities.
4438 | A Castle Full of Cats is a catvania hidden object game where you need to find all the cursed cats in the castle. Save each and every cat and unleash the power of love! ♡
4439 | After moving to a new house, you quickly meet the beautiful young wife next door, Haruka Aoi. Chat with her, befriend her, and make her lonely heart slowly succumb to your charms.
4440 | Experience the joys of life on the farm in this reimagining of a timeless STORY OF SEASONS classic!
4441 | Ghost Exile - is a cooperative horror from 1 to 4 players: when hunting for ghosts, you need to determine the type of ghost, carry out a ritual of exorcism and then the ghost can no longer harm anyone. Be careful! Hasty conclusions can lead you to a sad outcome.
"4442 | Quill is back—and she’s being hunted. To stand a chance, Quill will need a true partner by her side—and we hope that partner is you. Moss: Book II is an action-adventure puzzle game and award-winning sequel (The Game Awards ""Best VR/AR Game"") to Moss."
4443 | Save lives – be a hero! Join forces against the chaos in the newest title of the award-winning EMERGENCY series. Take up your shift as incident commander and coordinate with other players to fight fires, arrest gangsters and rescue injured civilians. Your city needs you!
4444 | A whimsical RPG adventure where a loving couple must vanquish the four Elemental Demon Lords! There's just one problem- the girlfriend is lusted after by the denizens of this realm, and the boyfriend has a huge cuckold fetish!
4445 | The Greatest Penguin Heist of All Time is a sandboxy physics game for 1-8 players, with everything from sneaky heists to hilarous stupidity to baking pizzas. With continuous updates, plenty of maps, and hundreds of items, clothes and quests, it has something for everyone.
4446 | Mindcop is a non-linear „whodunnit“ detective game. It mixes a story driven adventure with real-time puzzle gaming. As the infamous Mindcop, you can dive into the minds of your suspects to uncover their secrets and unravel their lies.
"4447 | Brutal Orchestra is a Turn-Based Roguelike Strategy Game. You died, someone killed you. You are in Purgatory and you will never escape. Make a deal with the ""demon"" Bosch and set off into Purgatory finding ​all manner of demented friends and foes on your quest to get petty revenge."
4448 | You woke up in some basement and don't remember who you are or how you ended up here... But what you do know is that you need to get out of here...
4449 | Mega Man is back! The newest entry in this iconic series blends classic, challenging 2D platforming action with a fresh new visual style. The new Double Gear system boosts Mega Man's speed and power for a new twist to the satisfying gameplay the series is known for.
4450 | Panzer Knights is a single-player, story-driven tank shooter where you, a German Tank Commander, lead your platoon of tanks across Europe circa WWII. Experience battles spanning the entire war as you strategize, battle, and best your enemies!
4451 | Nova Lands is a factory building, exploration, and island management game. Explore, engage in combat, and automate your industry. The planet you’re on is full of mysteries, creatures, people, and things to do. Welcome to your new home amongst the stars!
4452 | Join Space Alliance as a new captain-in-training and work with your crew to solve the mysteries of an ancient relic found on the Grey Planet. Little-Known Galaxy is a cozy single-player RPG space adventure full of friendly characters, exploration, crafting, and farming.
4453 | The Chop Goblins are loose, chopping their way through time itself in their ravenous quest for cheese. And the chop will not stop.
4454 | Combat Mission Red Thunder focuses on the hard fought Eastern Front battles of Bagration and Poland, from the swamps of Belarus to the gates of Warsaw during the summer of 1944.
4455 | HAAK is a Metroidvania-Platformer. As the mysterious wanderer Haak, you embarked on an epic expedition across the vast cyber-wasteland to find your lost brother. Explore deserted cities and metro, refine your weapons and hack skills, and uncover the secrets behind metal and dust.
"4456 | ""May all stories find their best endings."" ""Depersonalization"" is an anthology-style game featuring standalone chapters and diverse story genres. We continuously collect and create a wide variety of stories, ultimately housing them in a library that transcends the flow of time."
4457 | Goddesses go full throttle to exhaust the Gigodtic Dogoo!
4458 | GET AWAY WITH MURDER. Highly replayable detective game where you're the one whodunnit. From the creators of 80 Days and Heaven's Vault.
4459 | The cult horror shooter series comes to an apocalyptic conclusion with an epic new third chapter, a heart-pumping new horde mode, and remastered editions of the best-selling Nazi Zombie Army 1 & 2.
4460 | .hack//G.U. is back! This collection includes all 3 original .hack//G.U. titles, Rebirth, Reminisce, and Redemption, all fully restored and remastered. As well as an all new 4th Volume: .hack//G.U. Reconnection.
4461 | AccuRC is an RC simulator mainly for helicopters, but also drones, fixed wing and cars, including racing, FPV in Photo and 3D sceneries. Our focus lies on flight dynamics realism and accurate recreation of the way different models feel. Our users say AccuRC is the most realistic sim they ever used.
4462 | Mega Man Zero/ZX Legacy Collection brings together six classic titles in one game: Mega Man Zero 1, 2, 3 and 4, as well as Mega Man ZX and ZX Advent. The collection also features Z-Chaser, an exclusive new mode created just for this set of games.
4463 | For when I weep, then I am strong. Battle through Purgatory as Rei to help save her sister in this Action RPG. Switch freely between four playable characters, and uncover each one of their pasts to see the sorrows they have endured.
4464 | Run your own valet company. Start as a beginner and rise to become the best in town. Park cars with precision, deliver exceptional customer service, and expand your business. Compete with rival valet services and dominate valet market with your top-tier valet skills.
4465 | Experience living under the same roof with a robot girl! Manage your time between adventuring and enhancing your android in this brand-new sequel! Through a twist of fate, you managed to free Nova, an irregular android, from the authorities, and now you live together!
4466 | A cooking simulator where you run an underground fast food for monsters and serve them with human meat. Improve your kitchen appliances, unlock new recipes, manage your stock and keep the monsters well fed.
4467 | Phobies is a tactical card collecting strategy game where players battle one another in the surreal realm of the subconscious, where fears manifest. Use devious tactics and unleash a dazzling array of attacks and abilities to achieve victory!
4468 | Four Last Things is a point-and-click adventure game made from Renaissance-era paintings and public domain recordings of classical music. It is about sin, and the Four Last Things – Death, Judgement, Heaven and Hell – and strives to be intelligent and ridiculous in equal measures.
4469 | Deliver Us Mars is an atmospheric sci-fi adventure taking you on a suspense-fuelled, high-stakes mission to recover the ARK colony ships stolen by the mysterious Outward.
4470 | From the creators of Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden comes a beautifully crafted tactical adventure you won’t forget. Embark on a quest across a post-apocalyptic wasteland torn apart by a savage force known only as the ‘Miasma’.
4471 | URBO is a relaxing and meditative city-building puzzle game. Begin with an empty grid of landscape, choose an architectural style and build. Watch the population grow and the city flourish.
4472 | A new kind of RPG awaits you. A story-rich dungeon crawler with innovative real-time combat that lets you pause or slow time. Tactical thinking is essential to succeed. Now with RPGlite and Permadeath for fast-paced game.
4473 | Be guided anew into an epic tale set in the Taisho era with three titles from Cave's Akai Katana series that has captured the hearts of passionate shoot 'em up fans. New features include an online leaderboard and new musical arrangements.
4474 | Cursed to Golf is a challenging golf-like adventure where every shot counts. Players are tasked with making it out of Golf Purgatory to become a Golfing Legend. With insane hazards, otherworldly power-ups and tons of replayability, will you make it back alive or will you forever be… Cursed to Golf!?
4475 | Continue the story of Banban’s Kindergarten. Delve deeper into the bizarre establishment where the place was left suspiciously empty. Try to survive the unexpected residents, all while uncovering the truth behind the place…
4476 | You're a detective, and a frog, and it's time to solve a mystery. Also there's a wizard.
4477 | Combat Mission Black Sea is a military grade simulation depicting a fictional series of escalations between Russian and Ukraine which results in open conflict in the summer of 2017
4478 | Turn based tactical and strategic naval combat. Atlantic Fleet puts you in command of the Allies or Kriegsmarine (German Navy) in the longest military campaign of WWII, The Battle of the Atlantic.Take command of surface ships, submarines as well as carrier and land based aircraft in the deadly struggle for control of Atlantic shipping...
4479 | You are the captain of a starship venturing through a massive open universe. Customize your crew and take command at the helm of your very own ship as you explore a galaxy torn apart by internal strife, alien threats, and political intrigue.
4480 | Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II picks up where the award-winning Dark Forces™ game left off...with even more features and firepower in dazzling 3D graphics. As Kyle Katarn, you must acquire a lightsaber and learn the ways of the Force to become a Jedi Knight.
4481 | Three Kingdoms: The Blood Moon is a turn-based Roguelike card game where you assume the role of a Shu general. Explore dungeons, gather relics, and amass a collection of cards. In each round, you can assemble a unique combination of cards and treasures to defeat your enemies and rewrite history!
"4482 | ""NEEDY STREAMER OVERLOAD: Typing of The Net"" is a typing game in which you enter internet lingo in a call-and-response format with a girl (OMGkawaiiAngel) who has a strong need for approval."
4483 | There is a rumor that any skuf can legally receive a fee alt girl from the state; to do this, you just need to log in to a special service and enter your personal data.
4484 | EVERSPACE™ combines fast-paced combat with roguelike elements, great visuals and a captivating story. It takes you on a challenging journey through an ever-changing, beautifully crafted universe full of surprises. Shoot, craft and loot your way to victory while the odds are stacked against you.
4485 | Play as Adewale, an ex-slave turned Assassin fighting for freedom with the help of his own Pirate crew.
4486 | A super cute and tasty roguelite-flavored dungeon crawler! Explore a lush world and defeat monsters with your trusty spatula and some boba tea, then gather delicious ingredients and bring them home to cook and serve at your restaurant!
4487 | SYNTHETIK 2 is a bold continuation of SYNTHETIK: Legion Rising. Fight a world overrun by the relentless Machine Legion. Experience the next level in gun-play and upgrade yourself beyond measure to rival their Gods. Can you defeat the Heart of Armageddon?
4488 | WAGON is a 1-bit card game where you make tough decisions to try and survive winter on the Oregon Trail.
4489 | You're a nameless traveler, stranded in a ghost town in the Cursed West. Use your wits, elbow grease, and the iron on your hip. Build a homestead, work the land, and survive against unspeakable monsters in this unique Western horror survival game - alone or with friends!
4490 | You. Your car. And world under the sand.
4491 | Push, slice, ingest, flip, and squish worms in this puzzle game in which you play as a little sentient tin can.
4492 | This year, experience all the thrills of the more-complete-than-ever Managerial Career mode and enjoy new technical improvements and graphics. Customize your bike and suit! Compete against the MotoGP™ legends or challenge your friends online!
4493 | Originally released by LucasArts in 1993 as a sequel to Ron Gilbert’s ground breaking Maniac Mansion, Day of the Tentacle is back in a remastered edition that features all new hand-drawn, high resolution artwork, with remastered audio, music and sound effects.
4494 | Starborne: Frontiers is a free-to-play tactical autobattler with hundreds of unique ships. Form your fleet, customize it with a variety of equipment, and use strategy to create the perfect battlefield formation. Take on bounties, engage in the PvP arena, and bring order to the Frontier.
4495 | C.A.S.T is a third-person PvE extraction shooter playable solo or in co-op. Select your character and loadout to battle enemy hordes, evade anomalies, and complete objectives across handcrafted maps with dynamic procedural elements.
4496 | Lost Castle is an action RPG beat'em up with roguelike elements and randomized dungeons for up to four players online and local!
4497 | Take to the sky and reunite a fragmented world in this surprisingly wholesome metroidvania! Help Iko adventure across beautiful hand-painted islands, receive letters from a quirky cast of characters, and face powerful monstrous adversaries.
4498 | The latest VR sensation from the creators of ‘Job Simulator’, now with free DLC! Welcome to Vacation Simulator: a rough approximation of VACATION inspired by real human NOT JOBBING. Reallocate your bandwidth and get ready to splash, s’more, snowball, and selfie your way to optimal relaxation.
4499 | Embark on a journey to greatness. Get ready for adrenaline-fueled battles and a chance to claim your place in the galaxy. Grab the controls of your ship, gear up for the fight, and unleash your ambition to conquer and build a new empire in the vastness of space.
4500 | Earn antimatter through dimensions! Gain Infinite antimatter to collapse the universe!
4501 | Makai Kingdom is the story of Overlord Zetta, who accidentally destroys his own Netherworld. In order to save himself, he seals his soul inside a book. Reduced to nothing more than a tome, Zetta is forced to enlist the help of his fellow Overlords to get his netherworld (and his body) back.
4502 | Rise up and ignite the resistance in The Alliance Alive HD Remastered! Explore diverse realms, awaken new skills mid-battle, and forge alliances to challenge the Daemons that have taken over the world!
4503 | This Is the Police is a strategy/adventure game set in a city spiraling the drain. Taking the role of gritty Police Chief Jack Boyd, you'll dive into a deep story of crime and intrigue. Will Jack reach his retirement with a nice stack of bills, or will he end up broken ... or worse?
4504 | One-armed cook is a chaotic co-op cooking game for up to 4 people. Work as a team or cook on your own, set your own pace, and don't let the stress of a full restaurant catch up to you. The goofy physics-based aspect of the game gives this cooking game a new twist.
4505 | Closer the Distance is a slice-of-life sim that tells a deeply emotional story about the connections between family and friends in the face of tragedy. Unearth long kept secrets, repair strained relationships, and help your loved ones move on.
4506 | It’s 1999 and there's a rumour going around. Whoever you confess your feelings to at the end of the millennium will be with you for a thousand years! Who will you choose on New Year's eve?
4507 | The Olympic Games are back, and this time it's your chance for glory! Whether you play with friends, family, or go for gold on the global leaderboards, this is a party game that anyone can pick up and enjoy!
4508 | Either I die, or the Witches perish. I challenge thee to a deathmatch!” Asuha, a self-proclaimed gambling prodigy, challenges the Witch ruling the gambling district. Poised to win, she is defeated by a mysterious power. An adventure of gambling, exposing frauds and earning fortunes through poker.
4509 | Repair old-school objects in this cozy puzzle game. Join antique-restorer Maria, as she arrives in the sun-soaked town of Bellariva and set out on a journey of helping the townsfolk reconnect.
4510 | Life after myths. Death, disaster, despair. A standalone survival-storybook combining interactive fiction and turn-based strategy. The world is ending, and your small clan’s survival depends on how you manage its relationship with the remaining gods and their followers.
4511 | AURA: Hentai Cards is a fascinating 2D erotic visual novel and collectible card game where magic, romance, and adventure come together! Build your harem by seducing women and save the world from the Demon Queen, or join her army!
4512 | EXPLORE YOUR WAY. Awoken to a world ruined by war, Alma must traverse the vast city of Arcadia before the life force of her friends and herself withers away. Time is ticking, and every moment matters. Who will you save, and who will you leave to turn UNSIGHTED?
4513 | Join the footbrawl! Smash opponents off the arena and score goals in this lightning-fast 3v3 free-to-play game. Squad up with friends and choose from a growing cast of colorful Strikers to sling slimes, toss tofu, and rocket boost to victory.
4514 | A sensual dark fantasy ARPG. Customize a stunning succubus with great body details, together with your companions fight intense combats with challenging bosses to get sexy outfits and powerful equipment, and between battles, chill and interact with your fellow maidens at the palace designed by you.
4515 | Aragami 2 is a third person stealth game where you play as an assassin with the power to control the shadows. Join the shadow clan and fight the invader armies to protect your people.
4516 | Ride out into the Old West as a U.S. marshal in the biggest interactive novel ever made! Confront outlaws, find romance, defy the elements, and craft an enduring legend as you uncover a conspiracy whose deadly web stretches from San Francisco to New York City.
4517 | Struggle for survival. Death before surrender! Experience the dramatic story and epic, action-packed battles of the Sanada clan during Japan's Warring States period.
4518 | The mayor of Rockhaven threw you down a hole into the Undercity. Why? Net worth too low. In this open-world simulation, you and up to 3 pals will steal, fight, and scheme to reclaim the city. Customise your rides, buy businesses, and take on the Mayor’s forces. Rockhaven is yours for the taking!
"4519 | Sid Meier's Railroads! marks the return of the watershed title in simulation/strategy gaming that launched the popular ""tycoon"" genre, and inspired a new generation of games. Sid Meier's Railroads!"
4520 | Take charge of the most feared special operations forces in the world: the elite British SAS or the US Delta Force squads. You're the best trained, best equipped and best organised. The area that has been assigned to you is yours for the taking. Seek, locate and destroy enemy targets and personnel.
4521 | Don’t fall prey to the eternal hunger of the night as the initiation rite is getting closer! Dive into a dark world of seduction and explore the vampire academy in Blood Lust [18+]🩸 - an adult visual novel telling the story of an ordinary guy in extraordinary circumstances.
4522 | Shishimai Rinka was a high schooler who ran a small café named Lion House in place of her grandmother. She lived her life much like any other person her age, but one day, she was caught up in an explosion while returning home on the train alongside her friend, Hitsuji Naomi.
4523 | A physics-based online multiplayer sex party game for up to 6 players.
4524 | Buy, sell, and trade organs in a strange and evolving universe. Dive into the quivering innards of alien capitalism in the sci-fi body horror market tycoon game you didn't know you needed.
4525 | It’s time to ‘scrub in’ in this physics-based surgery sim. Unearth the mysteries of the Bossa Labs Medical Facility and save Bob’s life.
4526 | A fast-paced shooter with simple controls. Enhance your character by purchasing cards and hold the line against waves of hostile mechs as an employee of a private military company.
4527 | Star Trek: Infinite is a grand strategy experience that lets you play your own Star Trek story as the leader of one of four major factions in the galaxy. Follow the specially crafted story or blaze your own trail in the first Star Trek grand strategy game.
4528 | FREE UPDATE; STATE OF EMERGENCY, OUT NOW! Framed for your father’s murder, you’ll need to do whatever it takes to unveil the real culprit. Tackle thrilling missions for the criminal underworld - just don’t let the cops track you down!
4529 | SpyParty is a competitive espionage game about subtle human behavior. A Spy hides in plain sight at a fancy cocktail party, trying to accomplish missions while blending in with the other guests, while a Sniper with a single bullet looks inward, searching for the Spy.
4530 | Fear, anxiety, and laughter are the symbol of youth. Experience the true paranormal haunting with your friends from the first-person perspective and stay alive. The Bridge Curse Road to Salvation is an adaptation of a horror film, includes Taiwanese urban legend and an intriguing backstory.
4531 | Wage epic turn-based battles as you follow Daryon and Selene on their quest to find a cure to the all-consuming Corrosion in this grand tale of hope and sacrifice, created by a small team of passionate JRPG lovers.
4532 | All Quiet in the Trenches is a narrative turn-based strategy RPG set in World War I. Get to know your soldiers, take care of their needs and lead them in battle, trying to strike a precarious balance between the ambitions of your superiors and the survival of your men.
4533 | Dragon Cliff is a Semi-Idle RPG game with deep and complex itemization/skill systems to support endless character builds. Players are to collect adventurers, kill monsters, advance talent trees, enchant/reforge equipment, discover scrolls and finally assemble the most powerful adventure team!
4534 | The fourth instalment of “The Number 1 Rugby League Management Game”. The biggest leagues and competitions. Take full control of managing your own Rugby League club. Training schedules, coaches, physios, scouting, finances, sponsors and more. MUCH MORE!
"4535 | In September of my third year in junior high school, I went with my father to my grandparents' house in the mountains. The place we arrived at was Yotsu Village. It was a small village that had long believed in ""Yotsume God"". There I meet a mysterious boy."
4536 | Live your ultimate possum dreams in a snackable, chaotic arcade game focused on eating as much food as you can in single-player or local co-op - without getting caught.
4537 | Kristala is a dark fantasy ARPG featuring Sekiro-inspired combat, acrobatic parkour, and exploration to uncover a detailed and immersive story. Embark on a thrilling journey to master the magic of Sacred Six Kristals as you battle to uncover the source of a mysterious and dark curse.
4538 | RPG/Idle hybrid about becoming the most powerful wizard there is. Pick a class, get a pet, configure and improve your character in a myriad ways!
4539 | In the mayhem-filled streets of the future where criminal gangs rule and cops fear to tread, only the bounty hunters can free the city from the corrupt fist of felony. Lay waste to the criminal underworld and make a killing in this hard boiled action comedy arcade shooter.
4540 | Embrace the monster within in this dark fantasy visual novel with inclusive romances. Befriend charming allies, defy bitter rivals, fall in love. Your choices will save or condemn mortals, shaping the fate of a city as beautiful as it is cruel.
4541 | Screencheat is a ridiculous competitive split-screen first-person shooter where everyone is invisible, so players are forced to look at each other’s screens to win. Supporting both local and online multiplayer, combat in Screencheat is fast and furious with a wide variety of one-hit kill weapons.
4542 | El Shaddai, originally released in 2011, is a unique third-person action adventure filled with a deeply artistic world-building, outstanding aesthetics and thrilling battles. Experience an incredible mix of 2D-like platformer action and a colorful 3D world in an exceptional setting.
4543 | While looking for the existence of the Great Beyond, Professor Patrick Moore, aided by a fake medium, will build a device to see the other side, embark on a search for a millenary artefact, and investigate the most haunted manor of 1907 England.
4544 | Catapult werewolves over castle walls, incinerate troops with dragon fire and command the Knights of the Round Table! This remaster of the mythical ‘castle sim’ features Steam multiplayer, Workshop support, new maps, achievements and DLC campaigns.
4545 | The spider: Usually hairy, often poisonous and ALWAYS up to something. Take your arachnophobia to new heights in Kill it With Fire VR, and deal with spiders by any means necessary!
4546 | Decorate your planet, attract adorable creatures, and discover who chooses to stay. Build a cozy life in this multiplayer space sim where farming, fishing, and crafting can draw new companions. Play solo or with friends and create a home worth visiting.
4547 | Take control of Nara on a quest to destroy the dark cult that created her. Unlock devastating weapons & mind-bending abilities in an evolution of the space-combat shooter. Along with Forsaken, her sentient starfighter, explore ancient temples, engage in zero-g combat & venture beyond waking reality.
4548 | June 7th, 1995. 1:15 AM. You arrive home after a year abroad. You expect your family to greet you, but the house is empty. Something's not right. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Unravel the mystery for yourself in Gone Home, a story exploration game from The Fullbright Company.
4549 | Discover the world of Transistor, a sci-fi-themed action RPG from the creators of Bastion.
4550 | The protagonist of this story discovers that he is a werewolf. In his new life, he will meet beautiful women, each with their own fascinating peculiarities: demons, vampires, zombies, werewolves, gorgons...
4551 | 3D Realms, creators of Duke Nukem 3D, Prey, and Max Payne, are excited to team up with Voidpoint to bring back the legendary Build Engine, famously known for classic first-person shooters like Duke Nukem 3D, Shadow Warrior, and Blood. Ion Fury is the real deal!
4552 | World War II rages. The Nazis are planning to build an unstoppable, mutant army. On a mission to steal the secret plans, you were captured and imprisoned. Now, a lucky break gives you the chance to escape, but a maze of passages and trigger-happy Nazis stand in your way.
4553 | Mineral Defense combines tower defense with roguelite elements and procedural generation. Build paths, unlock upgrades, and unleash powerful synergies to conquer evolving challenges in an ever-expanding world.
4554 | A first-person, narrative-driven game featuring The Developer, who questions, taunts, and tests you at every turn. You shouldn’t press the button, but you’ll want to. You will have control, and you will have none. Power is in your hands... or is it? Inspired by classic narrative driven games.
4555 | The game of your dreams just dropped, DUCK SEASON, a hunter with ridiculous graphics. Luckily, it's summer vacation and Mom just surprised you with a one day rental of it! Unfortunately, as you binge play it becomes apparent that all is not right with Duck Season...
4556 | Emily has a problem and it's not a little one. Join her and her friends on this hybrid visual novel adventure with select animated scenes. A slice of life comedy featuring Emily coming to terms with becoming a futa and all that comes with it.
4557 | Sex With Hitler is a unique blend of visual novel and top-down shooter.You will fight in the fields of World War II and meet five unique heroines, among whom you will find both friends and enemies.
4558 | Tales of Maj’Eyal is a roguelike RPG, featuring tactical turn-based combat and advanced character building. Play as one of many unique races and classes in the lore-filled world of Eyal, exploring random dungeons, facing challenging battles, and developing characters with your own tailored mix of abilities and powers.
4559 | This is the first chapter in newest entry When They Cry visual novel series produced by Ryuukishi07. It features HD graphics, more detailed animations, and newly created songs by many of the composers from Umineko, as well as several new additions.
4560 | This is an action game where you control the main character, a novice female adventurer named Nirvana, as she completes the requests of the sorcerer Mary and is attacked by monsters.
4561 | Lost For Swords is a Roguelike Deckbuilder, where the cards in your deck shape the rooms you’re exploring. Make your way up the tower, equip weapons and armor, cast spells and scrolls, activate auras, collect loot and defeat monsters in tactical turn-based combat.
4562 | SNØ is a minimalistic freeriding game. Push your limits for the high score, or simply explore the raw, endless wilderness.
4563 | Paris, 1789. The French Revolution has been suppressed with bloodshed by Louis XVI and his merciless mechanical army. Aegis, a mysterious automaton masterpiece, must confront the king's army alone to save history in this challenging action-RPG.
4564 | Samorost 3 is an exploration adventure and puzzle game from the award-winning creators of Machinarium and Botanicula. Travel across space to nine unique worlds teeming with colorful challenges, creatures and surprises to discover, brought to life with beautiful artwork, sound and music.
4565 | Lost Ruins is a 2D side-scrolling survival action game, where you play as a young girl that has awoken in a strange and foreign place without her memories. Explore a dark and dangerous world, battle hideous monsters, and topple incredible bosses.
4566 | Eternights is a dating action game where you try to make the most out of life during the apocalypse. Monday: Go on a date. Tuesday: Clear dungeon. Friday: Freak out! The clock is ticking!!
4567 | Sayonara Wild Hearts is a dreamy arcade game about riding motorcycles, skateboarding, dance battling, shooting lasers, wielding swords, and breaking hearts at 200 mph.
4568 | A unique artist sim game with realistic paint mixing, physics and numerous painting tools. Upgrade and customize your studio, complete tasks, sell and expose art, buy instruments and get famous!
4569 | DIRT 5 is a fun, amplified, off-road arcade racing experience created by Codemasters. Blaze a trail on routes across the world, covering gravel, ice, snow and sand, with a roster of cars ranging from rally icons to trucks, to GT heroes.
4570 | Rift Wizard 2 is a tough as nails traditional roguelike wizard simulator. You play as an immortal amnesiac wizard who must journey through the cosmos to defeat his nemesis. Each run, you'll build a unique repertoire of spells, passive skills, and magical artifacts.
4571 | This is an asymmetrical game of hide and seek. In true form to IllFonic’s past titles, this title is a 4v1 setup where players will either play as part of a team of new Ghostbusters or a singular Ghost.
4572 | Like a dead man reanimated by dark sorcery, the necromancer simulator is back! Give the undead the ability to fly over mountains and swim across rivers, explore a fully generated world at night and fend off enemy hordes during the day. Start a new, uhm, life.
4573 | A short folk horror story about the Scottish witch trials. You play the role of a witch finder. Speak to the locals and sort their truths from their lies. On the last morning a witch must hang, best you know who by then.
"4574 | Welcome to ""Purple Place - Classic Games"" a fun-filled game where you'll embark on three exciting adventures like good old times! Get ready to immerse yourself in the world of creativity and challenge."
4575 | Learn a cryptic language of world-changing words and master their mind-bending effects. Embark on your charming puzzle-solving journey to help the LOK creatures thrive.
4576 | A lone wolf struggles to survive the inky abyss of Joey Drew Studios in this top-down survival horror.
4577 | Hidden Through Time 2: Discovery is a cozy hidden object game that has you searching for hidden objects in hand-drawn, interactive landscapes. Ignite your imagination, unleash your inner artist with the editor and share your masterpieces with the world!
4578 | Digimon Survive presents a hybrid visual novel and tactical RPG set in a mysterious world filled with dangerous monsters and deadly battles that will test your ability to survive.
4579 | Crush someone's skull, Suffer from Hypothermia, Transcend your Mortal Frame, Find all 10 Endings. GET YOUR HOUSE BACK.
"4580 | ""Greedland” is a roguelike game mixed with survivor-like elements. It's reminiscent of Crimsonland and Vampire Survivors, and as the battle progresses your character will become a mobile arsenal of destruction!"
4581 | Hellboy Web of Wyrd is a roguelike action brawler with an original story created in partnership with Dark Horse Comics and Hellboy creator Mike Mignola. When an agent of the B.P.R.D. goes missing, Hellboy is sent to investigate; pulling him into the depths of the Wyrd.
4582 | 4D Toys: A box of toys from the fourth dimension.
4583 | XCOM meets Football Manager. Develop your club, earn experience in turn-based matches, learn new skills, achieve new classes, upgrade your facilities, buy and sell footballers, grow your youth academy, make difficult choices. It's a deep strategy game that respects your time.
"4584 | ""The Stalked 2"" is a standalone horror sequel to ""The Stalked"", where you play as Rachel, an avid hiker. What begins as a relaxing hike to a cabin turns into a nightmare filled with eerie interactions and unsettling events. Will you survive?"
4585 | Idle Skilling is the ultimate Idle Game with years of content! Meant to be played for 5-10 minutes a day, you gradually unlock new skills like mining, fishing, pet breeding, crusading, potion-making, lab-research, construction, and more! With new updates coming, you'll never run out of stuff to do!
4586 | Forge the legend of Baba Yaga, a girl accused of witchcraft and expelled from her home. Live out the origins of the Slavic myth in this one-of-a-kind blend of intense archery combat and dark storytelling set in a vibrant fairy tale world.
4587 | This is an anime-style Metroidvania game with an RPG progression system, numerous weapons for switching, and an emphasis on equipment building. It offers three switchable characters, smooth gameplay, impactful combat feedback, and anime-style story scenes.
4588 | Pathologic Classic HD is the Definitive Edition of the original Cult Classic Psychological First-Person Survival game. In this unforgettable experience, players control one of three unique characters as they try to save a mysterious town from a deadly plague that cannot be stopped.
4589 | A casual and relaxing game about sorting various items. Join Sorting Inc and climb up through the departments to become the absolute expert in the field of sorting.
4590 | Civil war has broken out across Erebonia. After his narrow escape from Trista, Rean will take up his sword again on a journey with his Divine Knight, Valimar, in search of his friends from Class VII and a way to end the conflict before its price becomes far too dear...
4591 | Transform your passion into profit with hydroponics! Design, build, and manage your own sustainable farming and business system. Experiment with different plants and fish, customize your setup, supply the market needs, and harvest your success. Dive into the future of farming today!
4592 | Embark on an archaeological adventure inside an ancient pyramid to find your missing mentor. As an intrepid explorer, solve puzzles, investigate clues, and unravel the pyramid's secrets. Spoiler: it was not built by humans!
4593 | Much more than just a train driving simulator. Build, drive and operate the railroad of your dreams with Trainz Railroad Simulator 2019.
4594 | The legendary action-shooter finally comes to PC, and in style! Blast your way through mind-melting visuals and amazing beats, all in your quest through cyberspace to save a world on the verge of collapse. Playable on your desktop or in fully immersive VR.
4595 | Threefold Recital is set in an oriental fantasy world where the metropolis of Bluescales faces turmoil after a long golden age. The mix of magic, modern, and ancient technologies challenges governance, while tensions between humans, beastlings, and dragons grow. In the shadows, a crisis looms...
4596 | Tuggowar is the big-brain deckbuilding duel. Engage in tense combat on a solarpunk frontier. Assemble your deck turn by turn, discover powerful card combos, disrupt the enemy strategy, and pilot your well-oiled war machine to victory!
4597 | A fast-paced low-poly 3D rail shooter heavily inspired by classics of the early 90's. Join protagonist Kyuu as she fights to free the worlds of the Sanzaru Star System, overrun by the intergalactic terrorist organization known as Zodiac.
4598 | Inspired by the timeless classic Chrono Trigger, I am Setsuna is a great homage to the JRPG masterpieces of yesteryear. Journey with Setsuna as she prepares to make the ultimate sacrifice and save the people of her land.
4599 | Stock up on ammo, upgrade your guns, defeat the Crawling Queen's minions and escape the lab.
4600 | RPG Dungeon Crawler set in the modern day. A group of adults must use the powers of supernatural beings from various folklore and mythologies to save a town from an ancient curse.
4601 | An erotic adventure through space with three very busty women as you try to save the day while enjoying the many pleasures of their company.
4602 | Leaving DNA is a story-driven adult visual novel with dark themes. Play as a criminal prosecutor whose commitment to the justice system is challenged when a cold case murder investigation leads to his father's military special forces unit.
4603 | From the creators of What Remains of Edith Finch. Enter the surreal world of The Unfinished Swan and explore a mysterious, hidden kingdom by splatting paint to reveal the world around you.
4604 | Lock-on to an exhilarating sci-fi shooting fest with the trilogy which put Taito on the 90s arcade shooting map: The Ray Series, together in one collection for the first time!
4605 | The Gunk is an action-adventure game in which you play as Rani, part of our duo of gritty space haulers. As they’re struggling to bring in funds, they chance upon an untouched planet brimming with life. They came in search of valuable resources, and it looks like they’ve hit the jackpot…
4606 | Serious Sam: Siberian Mayhem is a new stand-alone expansion to the world of the classic FPS series. Join the fight against Notorious Mental on a journey through the wild lands of Russia, and find your way through this lost chapter of Sam Stone's adventures.
4607 | You and your former college crush have been locked in a room through divine intervention. The only way out is for you to…
4608 | I Wani Hug that Gator! Is a choice-driven narrative about teenagers struggling to find their way. Help Inco, loser highschooler extraordinaire, navigate his budding friendships (and romance!) while surviving being the only human in a dinosaur-filled school.
"4609 | ""Maiden And Lord"" is a relatively casual strategy war game that emphasizes player cooperation and the development of civilizations. It introduces innovative mechanisms such as ""Private Territory"" and ""Safe Gathering,"" creating a prosperous and harmonious otherworldly realm."
4610 | Bongo cat needs your help. Bongo cat needz more hatz!!! Every time you press a key, Bongo cat will punch your taskbar. Type, click, play, work to collect more points. Which hats will you find?
4611 | Kingdom Eighties is a short story-based standalone expansion set in the Kingdom universe. A rad adventure of micro-strategy and base building in vivid ‘80s neon. Defend your town against the mysterious Greed and discover the secrets of your family lineage!
"4612 | New playable character ""Minori Amanohara"" and new Arcana ""Ichor"" the Blood joins the battle in ""Arcana Heart 3 LOVEMAX SIXSTARS!!!!!!""! More new characters to join in future updates!"
4613 | An idle incremental game where you decide to travel across the whole Universe. Embark on this journey in your little ship and get as far away as possible from Earth, gathering resources and upgrading your spaceship along the way.
4614 | Maid Cafe on Electric Street is a leisurely maid cafe adventure set in the otaku haven of Nipponbashi, Osaka.
4615 | Gladiator! Grab your sword, equip your sandals and take on the world in multiplayer Swords and Sandals! Brutal turn-based combat where gladiators can lose limbs, wield guitars and yell so loudly enemy heads will fall off. This is the most fun you'll ever have in the arena!
4616 | Can't run or jump? But with a bat, you can surpass any obstacle! Climb to the heavens, learn techniques, and discover secrets across the valley in this challenging puzzle - execution - momentum game!
4617 | A short, unique survival-farming-base-building-tycoon-horror game where you must survive through washing dishes. Explore mysterious depths, manage resources, and unravel a cryptic narrative. In DWS, a chore becomes a journey to freedom.
4618 | “A real Gem” – Destructoid at E3 “Offers a different experience for zombie game veterans” – Co-Optimus“Has a lot more going for it than smashing brains and gory, red goo ... With a surprisingly deep crafting system” – GamesRadarYou're shipwrecked on an isolated island, a desperate castaway in a total freakshow world. How will you survive?
4619 | Are you thirsty? A prime hucow has arrived at your farm and it's time to collect that creamy goodness in this fun and addictive dairy clicker game! The more you milk, the more you unlock, so grab those udders and get to work!
4620 | Wytchwood is a crafting adventure game set in a land of gothic fables and fairytales. As the old witch of the woods, explore a strange countryside, collect magic ingredients, brew sorcerous spells, and pass judgement upon a capricious cast of characters.
"4621 | ""Momodora: Moonlit Farewell"" is the latest installment in the Momodora series. Join Momo, High Priestess of the village of Koho, as she embarks on a divine mission to save her people from imminent destruction at the hands of the demon hordes summoned by a malevolent bellringer."
4622 | Bringing you to an exotic desert where you’ll recruit, train, and guide your troops into battle against rival cities and factions. Embark on an adventure that’s uniquely yours; Customizable characters, professions, and factions. The land is filled with a variety of hidden secrets.
4623 | A town sim where you raise generations of residents. Unlock new stores and facilities, help your residents find love, or cash in on the stock market!
4624 | Bite into Romancelvania, a darkly comic genre mashup, combining side-scrolling action and tongue-in-cheek romance into one completely absurd and unforgettable adventure.
4625 | The memorable adventure of Randi, Primm and Popoi is reborn as Secret of Mana! Originally released in 1993, Secret of Mana is by far the most popular title in the “Mana” series and has now undergone a much-awaited full 3D remake!
4626 | Yi Xian: The Cultivation Card Game is an online DBG which contains a PVE mode called Uncharted Realms and a PVP mode. Every game is a deck building from scratch. Players can have stronger decks by changing cards, and then build more powerful routines to defeat all opponents to win.
4627 | Mega Man Legacy Collection is a celebration of the 8-bit history of Capcom’s iconic Blue Bomber featuring faithful reproductions of the series’ origins with the original six Mega Man games.
4628 | Takamine Kousei was living a carefree college life until, one day, he tragically died in an accident. But then, the bizarre happened: Takamine Kousei opened his eyes again. And what's more, when he woke up, it was the morning of the very day, he had died.
4629 | Lords of Waterdeep is an award winning strategy board game, set in the Dungeons & Dragons world of Waterdeep. Play as one of the masked Lords of the City of Splendor. Intrigue abounds as you recruit adventurers, via your agents, to quest on your behalf and spread your influence.
4630 | Build your own Super Mining Mech and explore the underground in search of new natural resources. Customize your mech with unlockable parts to dig deeper than ever - by yourself or with up to 7 friends in online co-op multiplayer! So, what are you waiting for? There’s mining to be done!
4631 | Step into the boots of a demolition company owner. Accept and complete contracts to earn money, allowing you to buy new equipment and upgrade your business. Use powerful tools, from sledgehammers to giant excavators, and experience the realism of a true construction site, where every brick matters.
4632 | DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE revisits famous battles from the series through your custom Avatar and other classic characters. New features include the mysterious Toki Toki City, new gameplay mechanics, new animations and many other amazing features!
4633 | Brave the challenging conditions of Alaskan life in the definitive trucker simulator. Be the master of your own destiny as you take jobs, transport cargo and experience a sense of freedom on foot and in your cab.
4634 | An evolution simulation game. Take control of your species in the environment and edit your species as a whole. Compete with other evolving species for resources on an alien planet.
4635 | Sanctum 2 is the sequel to the world’s first Tower Defense/FPS hybrid game. Pick from four unique character classes and embark on a mission to protect the oxygen-producing Cores from hordes of deadly aliens who are threatened by their existence.
4636 | Skate through Stardust Valley in this endless runner, competing for the highest score and the coolest deck!
4637 | Tyrant's Realm is a roguelite action-adventure inspired by classic PS1 visuals. Explore procedurally generated dark fantasy worlds, battling through dangers that evolve with each run. Death is not the end, as the night is still young.
4638 | Delve into Dark Legends Lurking in the Shadow of an Old English Mansion!
4639 | Train your aim with a beautiful selection of Furry girls! Shoot the girls with various weapons, and have a fun time while practicing!
4640 | Gravity Circuit is a flashy action packed 2D platformer in the spirit of console classics. Follow Kai, a lone operative war hero who harnesses the mysterious powers of the Gravity Circuit, on an adventure in a futuristic world inhabited by sentient robots.
4641 | If you like to make puzzles, Super Jigsaw Puzzle is your game. Enjoy its comfortable and intuitive interface and its relaxing music that will allow you to concentrate on the difficult task of solving these beautiful photos that pose a real challenge for lovers of puzzles.
4642 | Black Squad is a free-to-play military first-person-shooter. Players can master their skills and show off their strategies with a wide range of game maps, modes, and weapons to choose from. Join thousands of FPS players worldwide in one of the most played games on Steam!
4643 | Layers of Fear 2 is a first-person psychological horror game with an emphasis on exploration and story. Players control a Hollywood actor who heeds the call of an enigmatic director to take on the lead role in a film shot aboard an ocean liner. Beware, for all may not truly be what it seems.
4644 | Experience pool and snooker like never before, thanks to the stunning HD graphics, fantastic playability and ultra realistic ball physics. Challenge a variety of stylish new opponents of different ability from beginner right up to pro level!
"4645 | ""Business Tour"" is a free to play multiplayer tabletop game. Build your monopoly with friends. Complete daily tasks, compete against the other players and receive trade items rewards!"
4646 | Become a Hired Gun. The money’s good, the dog’s loyal, and the gun’s reliable. Embark on a fast-paced, violent, and thrilling FPS set in the darkest reaches of Warhammer 40,000’s most infamous hive city.
4647 | Sundered is a chaotic hand­-drawn metroidvania where you resist or embrace ancient eldritch powers, a challenging and unique take on a classic genre from the creators of Jotun, now with local co-op!
4648 | Create your own prehistoric civilization and lead your tribe in a world you shape. Start with nothing, build towns and industry, and advance through thousands of years of technological breakthroughs in this intimate yet expansive colony sim.
4649 | LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7 takes players through Harry Potter's heroic adventures in the Muggle and wizarding worlds.
4650 | From games studio A44, makers of Ashen, comes an explosive Souls-lite, where Gods and guns collide in a battle for the future of humanity.
4651 | Paranormal Cleanup is a 1-4 player online co-op survival horror game. This is no ordinary clean-up job. You are tasked with cleaning up paranormal locations. Unclog dirty toilets and scrub ectoplasm, but don't get caught by the entities that are hunting you!
"4652 | Cam Op Simulator allows real world camera operators to learn and practice operating a virtual camera using a gamepad (joystick), Nodo Inertia Wheels, or several supported ""Mouse Wheels"" like Rexy Wheels, Hammerhead Wheels, Blacktek, and Kino Wheels."
4653 | Blade of Darkness is a hardcore fantasy action-adventure with unique combat mechanics and role-playing elements that pioneered the “soulsborne” genre. Pick one of four characters to hack and slash through a gory quest to save the world from the forces of Chaos.
4654 | “METAL SLUG ”, the very first title in SNK’s legendary 2D run & gun action shooting game series where all began, returns to the missions on the Steam gaming platform!
4655 | Launch a counteroffensive to take back the Earth from alien invaders in this mecha action RPG.
4656 | Plan your own alien invasion and harvest humans as the iconic Killer Klowns, or gather a team of survivors to fight the extraterrestrial threat, in a game based on the ‘80s cult classic movie. Welcome to a new, craazzy take on the asymmetrical multiplayer horror experience!
4657 | BIOMORPH is a dark metroidvania game where you become the creatures that you kill! Solve ingenious puzzles and navigate a stunning hand-drawn world. Meet quirky characters, rebuild a city, and uncover the secrets of a sprawling, fallen civilization… and of your own mysterious origins.
4658 | High speed 3D action platformer! Join Spark on his latest adventure.
4659 | Conquest and seduction, sexual dominance and fiefdom management; Forging an empire is a brutal business where you must balance the needs of your budding Khaganate with your own desires. In this revenge story meets an empire simulator, the risks are high but the bounties are heavenly...
4660 | Program little office workers to solve puzzles. Be a good employee! The machines are coming... for your job. From the creators of World of Goo and Little Inferno.
4661 | Use our innovative patented funky fresh ChairF*cker simulation tech to meet the chair of your wildest dreams.
4662 | Command a steam-driven pirate crew in a series of epic tactical shootouts in SteamWorld Heist. This is turn-based strategy with a twist: You manually aim the guns of your robots, allowing for insane skill shots and bullet-bouncing action!
4663 | TIS-100 is an open-ended programming game by Zachtronics, the creators of SpaceChem and Infinifactory, in which you rewrite corrupted code segments to repair the TIS-100 and unlock its secrets. It’s the assembly language programming game you never asked for!
4664 | Battle through hordes of horrific creatures as you hack and slash your way to the top of the Tower in this rogue-like dungeon crawler game. Choose from a variety of upgrades and weapons, and save the Tower.
4665 | Build an empire in a single sitting. All the strategy of a classic 4X in a faster format, which also shines in multiplayer.
4666 | Build your society of the future, colonize islands, and create sprawling megacities with multitudes of buildings, vehicles, and resources to manage.
4667 | Our heroine is a demure, divine healer who accepts the task of purifying the cursed dungeon. Along the way, she may encounter all sorts of lust-filled demons. Can you help Demyra escape all the traps in the dungeon just waiting for a naive, innocent girl?
4668 | You're a detective, and a frog, and it's time to solve a mystery.
4669 | Play as a paranormal investigator in our hybrid between first person survival and psychological horror story game. Investigate a haunted forest with up to 5 players CO-OP, try to lift the curse, experience a tragic story and take decisions together. Will you survive or will you lose your soul?
4670 | Knight George brought his three servants to a village that was being ravaged by a Dungeon. However, the Dungeon only accepts the entrance of “A man and a woman” at the same time. George decided to enter the Dungeon with one of his servants, but what lies ahead are countless erotic encounters...!?
4671 | Purge the lands in this 2.5D HD Pixelart RogueLike ARPG! Create hundreds of characters with unique strategies and abilities, face hordes of enemies, explore different biomes, procedurally generated dungeons, and obtain unique items!
4672 | New challengers are taking control of Gamindustri, and Neptune's nowhere in sight. Now she’s gotta help a mysterious stranger fight a colossal new evil, reclaim her Goddess title, and find some time for pudding! Go next gen with Giant Battles and multi-worlds in this JRPG!
"4673 | The tag-team fighting game based on the original ""Umineko When They Cry"" series, finally released on Steam, in English and with improved rollback netplay!"
4674 | PropHunter - a fresh representative of the genre of hide and seek on the net! The players are divided into two teams - one team is hiding by taking the form and properties of objects, the second team is seek to find for impostors among props. The team that eliminates its rivals wins!
4675 | Crab God is an atmospheric underwater strategy game. Guide your Crabling colony through wild ocean depths, and defend the egg of the next Crab God.Restore and protect diverse coral reefs, making a difference in the real world as you progress in-game. Make waves, praise the claw!
4676 | Lilith Rising - Season 2 is a choice-driven Adult Visual Novel. Return as the prince that was exiled by a demon worshiping cult, with your companions journay to become stronger to save your kingdom. Your adventure will be filled with epic fights, romance, mystery, humor, drama and lots of sex.
4677 | The Guild 3 is a fascinating trade and life simulation that takes place during the late Middle Ages. Step into the shoes of a citizen, acquire businesses and mansions, produce goods and trade them, start intrigues in politics and society, love, hate, bribe, fight and live through good and bad times!
4678 | Partisans 1941 is a real-time tactics game with stealth elements, set on the eastern front of WW II. As an army commander behind enemy lines you gather a group of Partisans to wage guerilla warfare against the German occupants.
4679 | Guns, Gore & Cannoli - An over-the-top, comical and fast-paced action game with hand-drawn graphics set in the Roaring Twenties. An all-you-can-shoot fest where you embody Vinnie, a mobster with a mission in a city controlled by gangsters and plagued by zombies. Featuring up to 4-man local co-op.
4680 | Necroking is a turn-based tactics roguelite with vast deckbuilding. You play as a Master of Necromancy. Build your skulls deck, raise skeletons and other scum to defeat settlements desecrated by life.
"4681 | Mega Man X DiVE reimagined the world of the Mega Man X series, and now it's getting an offline version! Strengthen your characters and weapons with a variety of powerups to make them all your own. Then test them out in the side-scrolling action of ""what-if"" worlds in Mega Man X!"
4682 | An addictive fast-paced hybrid of Card games & Tower-Defense. Play 1v1 - or bring a friend for 2v2 - and engage in epic online multiplayer battles full of innovative strategy and awesome plays! Collect 200+ cards with unique mechanics, all free!
4683 | Pumpkin Jack is a Spooky Scary 3D platformer in which you embody Jack, the Mythical Pumpkin Lord! Dive into an Epic Adventure through otherworldly landscapes and help the Evil annihilate the Good!
4684 | Hand Simulator: Rendezvous is game for adult fans of the series. Create appointments. Play with friends tete-a-tete or a big group.
4685 | Join Zed on his quest to destroy the God of Destruction in the newest installment of the SRPG series, Disgaea! Join the zany cast for one HL of an adventure and use specialized abilities like Super Reincarnation to battle your way to victory! Disgaea 6 Complete includes all previously released DLC!
4686 | The ultimate climbing and bouldering simulation game. Explore and climb 250 real world routes, create your own routes and compete against your friends from the safety of your computer.
4687 | ECHOES of YI: SAMSARA is a dark martial arts action game infused with traditional Chinese culture. Players embody the Sword Saint's first disciple, battling fierce enemies and unraveling the mystery beneath the Jianmu Tree. Will you face the challenges or go with the flow? The choice is yours.
4688 | Cluckmech Oasis, a top-down shooting Roguelike tower defense game. Play as the Warcluck and lead your team of animal heroes in a fight for survival. Collect, build and upgrade defenses, and engage in intense battle against waves of plant enemies.
4689 | The adventure continues in Torchlight II! An Action RPG filled with epic battles, bountiful treasure, and a fully randomized world. Bring your friends along for the journey with online and LAN multiplayer.
4690 | A strange rumor is spreading through the shadows of Tokyo's H City: a mysterious disfigurement has been appearing on the bodies of certain individuals. Anyone who receives the Mark will rapidly die of unknown, horrifying causes. The countdown to death has already begun...
4691 | Find your way in a world of breezy, thoughtful puzzles, along a charming journey of self-discovery.
4692 | Play the most authentic BLACKJACK GAME with players all over the world! Spend some lovely and relaxing time with our top-of-the-line game provided with many special features for you to feel real casino atmosphere.
4693 | Catch hundreds of tinykin and use their unique powers to bring Milo back to his home planet and back to normal size!
4694 | Become The Entrepreneur they need! In this choice-driven adventure, you will dive into a world filled with fun, drama, high stakes, sex, and much more. Build relationships, face immense challenges, and feel the consequences of your decisions affecting those around you! What lies ahead for you?
4695 | A retro FPS with an artistically gritty setting from the early 2000's. Uncover futuristic weapons lost to time and face off against terrifying bosses. Do you have what it takes to stand against the darkness and save humanity from the brink of extinction?
4696 | Rising World is a voxel based open-world sandbox game, featuring a procedurally generated world, playable in single and multi-player.
4697 | An alien menace has descended on Earth! Defend the world from UFO invasion in this superb arcade shooter from Qute. Use your weapons effectively, deflect enemy bullets with your shield, and recapture the Moon from alien infestation!
4698 | In Deathless, elements of a collectible card game, roguelike, and turn-based strategy combine seamlessly. Build a unique deck of cards, discover unusual relics, and defeat legendary bosses. No two journeys will ever be the same with endless Path. Crush the Evil and save the world!
4699 | A rock-solid combination of rock-rolling action, deep strategy, and captivating art and music from different ages of history, this is a game of crush or be crushed!
4700 | The Imperial Knight suddenly held a training bootcamp. Wein encountered a various of small sexual harassments to ridiculous pranks from the men, all kinds of sexual troubles! Will Wein be able to protect her virginity during the 5 days in the training camp?
4701 | QANGA: Dive into a sci-fi adventure of exploration and resilience across the cosmos. Merge your mind with a state-of-the-art cyborg crafted by ICLabs Industries, and journey through this expansive universe!
4702 | Experience the serene joy of snow plowing in this relaxing simulation game! Drive powerful plows, clear roads, and keep your town safe. Uncover a surprising story, face survival challenges, and tackle advanced weather systems. Embrace winter's chill and become the ultimate snow-clearing hero!
4703 | Warhammer 40,000: Sanctus Reach is a 3D turn-based strategy game like you’ve never seen before: fast, immediate, deep, impressive to look at and incredibly fun! Fight through a dark era of carnage and endless war and lead the Space Wolves in a struggle to defend the last bastion of mankind.
"4704 | ""Kill The Crows"" is a fast-paced top-down arena shooter set in the twisted western world. A gunslinger burning with vengeance steps into the ruins of a forsaken town, ready to face death. Prepare for one-shot, one-kill gunfights using classic revolvers and fanning techniques."
4705 | Journey through gaming history's time and space, while searching for adorable feline companions in 'An Arcade Full of Cats,' the ultimate pet'em up hidden object game.
4706 | Politics, religion, war. They are nothing without a legacy that can stand the test of time. Lead any nation, and turn it into a mighty kingdom in one of the most compelling grand strategy games ever created.
4707 | The official ATP and WTA Tennis game has finally arrived! Become the Number One player in the world, competing for entire seasons against the largest cast of professional tennis players ever united in a tennis videogame.
4708 | Magicka is a satirical action-adventure game set in a rich fantasy world based on Norse mythology. The player assumes the role of a wizard from a sacred order tasked with stopping an evil sorcerer who has thrown the world into turmoil, his foul creations besieging the forces of good.
4709 | Akira’s life has been defined by violence, but that won’t be enough to save him when he’s forced to play a deadly game. Will the bonds you forge in this stunning visual novel lead to his salvation, or to his ruin?
4710 | Test your instincts at trust and deception in an action-filled, multiplayer first-person shooter. You wake up in unknown surroundings to the sound of the Game Master’s unfamiliar voice, surrounded by five others. A third of your group have been infected with a virus, but who will escape?
4711 | Run your own magic business! In Alchemist Shop Simulator you can trade magical wares, brew potions and take on special orders, meet many quirky clients, grow your ingredients in your garden, restock your shelves and manage prices. Keep expanding your business as you gain experience and wealth!
4712 | Enter the colorful world of West Wallaby Street in a series of four cracking adventures brought to you by Aardman Animations, the creators of the Wallace & Gromit animated films, and award-winning Telltale Games.
4713 | Samurai Bringer is a roguelite action game with levels which change with every playthrough, where you cut down hordes of Samurai and Demons to collect combat techniques and polish your fighting style in order to defeat Yamata-no-Orochi, the eight-headed dragon of Japanese mythology.
4714 | Enter Evil Nun's nightmare. Trapped in a cursed school, escape from Sister Madeline. She's cunning, searching every corner, luring and talking to you depending on your actions. Solve puzzles, craft items, and uncover the mystery in this horror game with different escape routes.
4715 | Star Realms is a hugely popular space combat deckbuilding game. Download and play today (note: base set is required to play online) to find out why Star Realms is the winner of SXSW 2014 Board Game of the Year, 7 Golden Geek Awards from BoardGameGeek, and 2 Dice Tower awards!
4716 | In Mark of the Ninja, you'll know what it is to truly be a ninja. You must be silent, agile and clever to outwit your opponents in a world of gorgeous scenery and flowing animation.
4717 | The war continues... X-COM: UFO Defense brought you to a galactic battlefield. X-COM: Terror from the Deep brings the alien terror into a totally new dimension.Seeking to take advantage of a weakened Earth, X-COM's deep space foes unexpectedly change strategy and launch a powerful second front against planet Earth.
4718 | A short, choose your own adventure game about two boys that find each other in a lonely, post-apocalyptic town.
4719 | 『BURIED STARS』 is an adventure game that takes place at a collapse site of a live audition show. The trapped survivors communicate with each other, and through social media, while waiting for the rescue team’s arrival. But an unexpected turn of events splits them apart and drives them into a corner.
4720 | For uncounted years, DeathSpank has been a Dispenser of Justice, a Vanquisher of Evil, and a Hero to the Downtrodden.
4721 | Army Men RTS brings you back to the days of staging battles with tiny plastic soldiers in your backyard...except these green soldiers carry out your every command!
4722 | Bring to life anything you can imagine from rockets and airplanes to cars and more. Automate them with a visual programming language. Explore 3D planets and make your own. Share your creations online. Complete contracts, conquer milestones, and unlock technology in the newly added Career Mode.
4723 | Celebrate 40 years of Tetris® with 15+ games, a new game, and documentary videos
4724 | SPRAWL is a hardcore retro FPS set in an endless cyberpunk megalopolis. Escape the walled city and take on the militarized government of the sprawl. Fueled by the blood of your enemies and a mysterious voice in your head, make your way towards the spire to topple whatever lays within.
4725 | Get ready for the Glass Masquerade sequel! With brand new textured glass pieces, immerse yourself in the beautiful world of painted glass art. Assemble jigsaw puzzles inspired by different cultures and themes with new play modes and various fragments cuts.
"4726 | Remy, a demon lord who neglected her duties and led a life of laziness, faced betrayal from her subordinates. Unable to tolerate her idle behavior any longer, they cast a ""Weakening Curse"" on her and threw her out of the Demon Castle. To lift the Curse, Remy needs to collect four ""Stones of Dispel."""
4727 | Super Video Golf is a turn based 90s themed golf game, with up to 8 players locally or 8 computers online allowing a total of 16 players in a single game. Challenge yourself in Career mode or others online and offline in Free Play.
4728 | Since its release in 1998, I am an Air Traffic Controller 4 has established itself as a long seller, strongly supported by numerous users both inside and outside of aviation fandom.
4729 | From Squanch Games comes Trover Saves the Universe. Your pups are missing. The cosmos is at stake. Only you and Trover can save everything in this bizarre comedy adventure!
4730 | Scramble to intercept in your RAF Spitfire or Hurricane. Or join huge formations of German or Italian Fighters and Bombers as they roar across the Channel towards London. Decide the fate of Britain!
"4731 | ""The promise is entrusted to two alchemists..."" The ""Dusk"" series, a trilogy of RPG titles from Gust's popular Atelier series, tells the story of a world on the verge ruin, told from the perspective of its unique characters."
4732 | When the Past was Around is an adventure point-and-click puzzle game about love, moving on, letting go, and the joy and pain of everything in between.
4733 | Take part in the epic sequel that unfolds nearly two decades after the events of FINAL FANTASY IV. Now enhanced for Windows PC.
4734 | Fuga: Melodies of Steel is an RPG where you place children, each with their own unique characteristics and skills, at different gun turrets in a tank to fight against the enemy.
4735 | Fight and tame alien beasts, craft resources into menacing weaponry, befriend the outlandish locals, and go toe-to-chin with a world-domineering maniac.
4736 | Boot up your Z5 Powerlance and dial into Last Call BBS, the last game from Zachtronics! The Barkeep’s loaded up his retro computer with a full set of puzzle games for you to download and play. No need to worry about copy protection, they’re all fully cracked and ready to enjoy!
4737 | A space advanture mmo hentai game, all creature want to give you a hug. Main character body will progressively grow in size if you hug too much. Breed your own monster girl and collect 30+ characters with variate standing image.
4738 | Garden Trills is a cozy puzzle-platformer where you fly as an adorable sparrow through enchanting Mediterranean gardens. Help your neighbors, grow vibrant flowers, and harness their powers to reach new destinations as you flutter into the heart of Vernubiel’s gardens.
4739 | Harebrained Schemes' biggest Shadowrun game to date, and the definitive Shadowrun RPG experience available on PC. Now a standalone title with tons of new content & improvements!
4740 | Having defeated the Campaigner, Turok throws the Chronocepter into a waiting volcano to destroy it. Unfortunately the blast awakens an even deadlier force - The Primagen. Once again a Turok is tasked with restoring peace to the land and stopping the Primagen from merging Earth with the nether world.
4741 | Destroy Humanity with virus outbreaks, asteroid impacts and more as Planet Earth! Or team up with up to five friends as the World Leaders, Industry, Media, Scientists and Public, and try to survive. Impossible dilemmas and choices-matter create countless paths in this strategy party game!
4742 | Win the hearts and minds of America’s voters and run for President in this political strategy game. Choose a candidate or create your own and run against the opposing party’s candidate or up to 4 primary candidates controlled by the computer or other players online.
4743 | When life robs Colton White of all that matters, the only thing left he can trust is his GUN. From award-winning developer, Neversoft, and accomplished screenwriter, Randall Jahnson (The Mask of Zorro, The Doors), GUN follows Colton on his quest for discovery as he seeks to exact vengeful justice on those who have wronged him.
4744 | Order of Battle: World War II is a breath of fresh air for all strategy fans. It is a game that takes wargaming to a new level by upgrading every single game element and rebooting the genre for a new generation of players.
4745 | Gynocracy is a story-driven femdom game (adult visual novel) set in a dystopian matriarchal society. Follow the story of a married young couple confronted with the new reality of a female-dominated country and shape their destiny with the choices you make.
4746 | Become a true hero in a battle of mythic proportions.
4747 | A bonkers time-loop tragicomedy murder mystery thriller featuring multiple casualties and a suspicious cat, from the creator of To the Moon & Finding Paradise.
4748 | An erotic high-skill match 3 arcade game with a comedy-driven narrative that’s guaranteed to lighten a load or two. Climb the corporate ladder and take control!
4749 | Moss is an action-adventure puzzle game from Polyarc tailor-made for the VR platform. It combines classic components of a great game—compelling characters, gripping combat, and captivating world exploration—with the exciting opportunities of VR.
4750 | Immerse yourself in a romantic fantasy where past meets present! Experience a unique interactive game featuring Korea's stunning photoshoot models in this cinematic adventure.
4751 | You seek untold riches, eternal life, divine powers - it leads to this accursed temple, a seemingly-infinite labyrinth of bottomless pits, deadly traps, and monsters.
4752 | Highrise City offers a new spin on City Simulations & Tycoon games expanding the economy and resource management aspect. Experience a modern take on the genre enriched with a complex resource based economy system.
4753 | Play as a mech pilot battling against threats to your nation. But in your struggle to defeat the terrorist forces, you become implicated in one of the very schemes you're fighting against...
4754 | The Assistant is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel that combines adventure, suspense, action and sex. You play as a young man who gets a new job as a personal assistant for a wealthy family. You will meet the family members and see how your entire life changes because of this new job.
4755 | Death Squared is a co-op puzzle game about cooperation, communication, and robot explosions. You should buy it!
4756 | In Thimbleweed Park, a dead body is the least of your problems. Switch between five playable characters to uncover the surreal secrets of this strange town in a modern mystery adventure game from the creators of Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion. The deeper you go, the weirder it gets.
4757 | The spiritual successor to Freelancer with a Lovecraftian, sandbox RPG twist. Explore a vast handmade universe with Day 1 mod support and a planned PvP/co-op multiplayer on the Early Access roadmap. You're going to need a bigger ship.
4758 | From Digital Sun, creators of Moonlighter, The Mageseeker is an action RPG in the League of Legends universe. Play as Sylas, a mage now freed from years in captivity. Wield the chains that once bound you and liberate Demacia from the Mageseekers' tyranny.
4759 | Space RTS with base building and ship customization. Personal passion project. More than 200 available ships, weapons and modules to design your fleet with. Contains a small campaign, several single and multiplayer game modes and a coop game mode. Also contains Wave defense!
4760 | ‘Broken Sword - The Smoking Mirror: Remastered’ is a stunning update to the multi million-selling original. A mysterious escapade of intrigue and deceit, in which journalist Nico Collard and her adventuring companion George Stobbart must overcome powerful forces from fulfilling their evil ambitions.
4761 | DuckTales: Remastered is a beautiful hand-crafted reimagining of one of the most cherished 8-bit titles of all time. Go back to one of the golden ages of gaming, now refined with a level of detail that will please the most hardened devoted Disney or retro Capcom fan alike.
4762 | Fabled Lands is a challenging old-school narrative RPG set in an open world. Complete quests, fight, trade goods and develop your character. Explore a vast land of adventure: travel across the war-torn kingdom, survive the plains of howling darkness, and escape the Court of Hidden Faces.
4763 | In this sequel to the vintage Open World RPG ELEX, Jax must once again unite the free people of the Science-Fantasy world of Magalan against a new threat - the Skyands, who want to change the face of the planet forever.
4764 | History, legend, and sci-fi collide in the latest chapter of the Fate/EXTRA saga! Join 26 Heroic Spirits from all across time as they hack and slash their way across the battlefields of SE.RA.PH, a digital realm for the last survivors of Earth.
4765 | Atelier 20th Anniversary Title An Atelier town built together with legendary alchemists. This title aims to combine the “slice-of-life” atmosphere of living in a town and collaborating with various characters and the exaltation that comes from successfully governing a town and expanding your world.
4766 | Erannorth Chronicles blends old-school card strategy with deep RPG progression in a vast sandbox world. With no fixed story, revel in unmatched freedom and limitless character customization.
4767 | A demon has possessed you and used your body to tear a swath of bloodshed through New York. You are now free, but life as you knew it is over. Your only path forward is joining the Unavowed - an ancient society dedicated to stopping evil. No matter what the cost.
4768 | Bandle Tale: A League of Legends Story is a crafting RPG set in the whimsical world of Bandle City. After a party goes wrong, the portals that connect your home collapse and throw everything into chaos! Using your knitting magic and backpack house, restore the portals to reunite Bandle City.
4769 | Work to expose the numerous criminal degenerates that plague your quiet town. Use citizen-issued reports, police records, social media accounts, text conversations, and more to determine who’s an actual threat and who’s harmless, all while avoiding the killers trying to infiltrate your home.
4770 | Let yourself be enchanted by the new world of Settlers with this modernized History Edition – in the midst of green forests and lush meadows, it will bustle again. You alone hold the fate of your kingdom in your hands. Which strategy will you choose?
4771 | THE HOUSE OF THE DEAD: Remake is a remade version of the game introduced in 1997 in arcade platform. A classic arcade rail-shooter receives a whole new entourage and gameplay changes to suit modern gaming standards.
4772 | Become an appraised bridge engineer and architect in Bridge Constructor. Create and design your own constructions and watch the cars and trucks pass over them - or see them fall and crash while your inferior creations collapse due to weight and the laws of physics!
4773 | Transport oversized cargo in a variety of missions across a 175km² open world. Drive customisable, highly detailed trucks through dynamic weather and day and night. The official cooperation with Gruber Logistics allows you to get behind the wheel of real-life heavy cargo transports.
4774 | Stellar Monarch 2 is a feudal space empire builder where you feel like the Emperor, not a logistics officer. Great noble houses, usurpers to the throne, rebels, assassins, court intrigues, disloyal admirals, incompetent governors and ever-present alien threat.
4775 | Gamindustri has been taken over by a new threat, and the CPUs are nowhere to be found! It’s now up to their younger sisters to step into the spotlight and save the day in this hilarious, deeply customizable JRPG!
4776 | Take fate into your own hands in Lakeburg Legacies, a social-based village management sim where love is your favourite resource. Play matchmaker to create the most effective, and most loved up, couples and help your kingdom thrive. How long will it take you to crown a sovereign?
4777 | En Garde! – the swashbuckler action game! Battle graceless guards and nefarious noblemen in fast-paced fights full of spectacle. Use the environment, your wit and your blade to teach them all a lesson!
4778 | A historical hexagonal turn-based strategy wargame using markers to represent units designed by the legendary Mark Herman. Throwback to the great hex-based wargames of the 70's and 80's. Solo and online multiplayer modes are supported.
4779 | Sizeable is a relaxing and peacefull puzzle/exploration game! Shrink and grow your way through small dioramas in search of hidden objects!
4780 | Against the overwhelming might of the Empire stands a small but growing Rebel Alliance. Scattered resistance groups are uniting and what is needed most now are Starfighter pilots. Will you join their struggle to end this tyranny and become a hero of the Rebellion?
"4781 | Iron Meat is a run-and-gun arcade shooter that immerses players in an apocalyptic future overrun by ""The Meat,"" an iron-ravenous mass mutating everything in its path. Blast your way through retro-inspired stages and bosses to uncover the shocking horrors behind secret experiments on the Moon."
4782 | It is the year 2938. The long wished-for encounter of the X Universe and the Earth holds both joy and sorrow for the people. Despite flourishing trade, the clash of the diverse races, cultures and life forms creates new tensions, mistrust and open conflict that need to be overcome!
4783 | Halo: Spartan Strike makes you a Spartan supersoldier battling evil forces. Delve into 30 challenging missions through cities and jungles using a devastating arsenal of weapons, abilities and vehicles including the iconic Warthog against the Covenant and Promethean enemies. *DirectX feature level 10 required*
4784 | Assault the Sister at Night! POV H-Game Simulation!
4785 | Fog of War is a romance, story focused adult visual novel. You play as an Ex-Delta Force operator attending medical school upon retirement. You make choices that shape the story and potential romances.
4786 | G'day, Mate. Explore the wilds of Australia with TY the Tasmanian Tiger, the charming Aussie platformer.
4787 | Live through an epic role-playing Viking saga where your strategic choices directly affect your personal journey. Make allies as you travel with your caravan across this stunning yet harsh landscape. Carefully choose those who will help fight a new threat that jeopardizes an entire civilization.
4788 | Experience the untamed beauty of the Carpathian wilderness. Gather resources, chop trees, mine for materials, craft tools, and build shelter to withstand the harsh environment. Hunt wildlife and master essential survival skills as you navigate the untamed mountains.
4789 | This is a story-centered competitive training card game.
4790 | A Sci-Fi colony and strategy sim with a complex economy, immersive logistics, and a war against the rise of the machines! Build your colony and ensure supplies for your people. Automate industrial ships and create combat groups to defend against waves of enemies.
4791 | Addictive text-based Mafia MMO RPG where you team up with other players to wage Gang Wars, Turf Wars, Boss Fights, Hire Mercs, Hit-List your enemies, buy weapons, vehicles and equipments, City-based Missions, TOURNAMENTS and much more..
"4792 | ""September 7th"" is a short horror game released for Christmas. The plot of the game is simple to the point of banality, and the gameplay is not delayed.The game also contains some Easter eggs and mentions. The game takes place in 2009."
4793 | Rise to all the challenges of the most comprehensive, realistic and demanding rally simulation ever developed. Dive into the heart of the action and drive the cars from the 2022 WRC championship, including the new hybrid models.
4794 | City-building experience reimagined as a simple relaxing puzzle game bringing the original Tile Cities to a new level
4795 | Sharpen your critical thinking skills in this quiz game that challenges you to spot rhetorical fallacies. Everyone likes this game so you must too, right?
4796 | You awaken to find your memories gone. To learn the truth behind your amnesia, you’ll choose from five romantic paths, each its own world. With 20+ endings, can you write the lasting love story you deserve, or will your love and life come to an end?
4797 | An attractive puzzle platformer where you use magnetism to escape a factory. Meet a cast of magnet characters and work together to solve logical conundrums.
4798 | A chill game about using plants to overgrow abandoned wasteland dioramas
4799 | The Apocalypse came and went. All we have left is our will to survive, the endless hordes of zombies, and enough bullets to rip them all to shreds.
4800 | Deliverance is a story of mystery, thrill and discovery. A choice-based adult visual novel allows you to explore the detective’s both sides. The hero, fighting to save his loved ones, or the villain willing to abandon all morality for power.
4801 | A short psychological adventure about a stressed girl who wants to explore her ceiling.
"4802 | ""Void's Calling"" is not just a game; it's a captivating narrative experience that will pull you in from the very start. Feel the drama, tension, and emotion as you navigate a world filled with love, lust, and betrayal."
4803 | From the Command & Conquer veterans at Petroglyph comes the first ever survival RTS set in the savage world of Conan the Barbarian. Play solo or team up in multiplayer in Conan Unconquered’s action-packed co-op Mode where you build a shared stronghold and fend off the hordes together.
4804 | Superflight is an intense, easy to learn wingsuit game with an infinite number of beautiful procedurally generated maps. A great game to relax for half an hour and chase your latest highscore!
4805 | Step into the shoes of a supermarket cashier in this cute point-and-click game. Scan and bag over 300 unique products to earn as many points as you can before your shift ends! Between shifts, unwind by getting to know a cast of quirky coworkers.
4806 | Welcome to the new generation of Farming Simulator!With a brand new graphics and physics engine, Farming Simulator 15 offers an immense open world, filled with details and visual effects transporting the Farming Simulator franchise to a new era.
4807 | Welcome to CREO, the megacorporation saving the world! A catastrophic event has knocked you out during the first day on the job… you wake up equipped with a heavy-grade exoskeleton, in a destroyed section of the complex.
4808 | Become symphonic in Narita Boy! A radical action-adventure as a legendary pixel hero trapped as a mere echo within the Digital Kingdom. Discover the mysteries behind the Techno-sword, lock swords with the corrupt and tainted Stallions. Save the world!
4809 | Starting as governor of a newly formed province in the Roman Empire your goal is simple: advance up the empire's political ladder to become the next Caesar.
"4810 | Definitely Not Fried Chicken is a business management sim with a Twist! Grow your drugs trade through legitimate fronts by managing both sides of the business. Acquire new ""businesses"", meet new clientele, Develop more potent narcotics, make lots of money and leave a city in ruin!"
4811 | When an expedition with your team into the complex goes horribly wrong, you're left alone and lost, wandering the seemingly infinite maze of hallways, otherwise known as the Backrooms. Might there be something following you?
4812 | Get ready to enter the 2nd Dimension! Thrust into a bizarre and unfamiliar city and find your place among strange citizens. Work, Fight, Study, Eat, Drink, Gamble, Train, Sleep, Quest, Collect, Invest, Repeat.
4813 | As a demon army besieges his village, a young ninja ventures through a cursed world, to deliver a scroll paramount to his clan’s survival. What begins as a classic action platformer soon unravels into an expansive time-traveling adventure full of thrills, surprises, and humor.
4814 | Welcome to the Game is a creepy horror/puzzle game that takes you into the world of the Deep Web. Explore the Deep Web with the sole purpose of trying to find a Red Room, an online service / website that allows you to see and participate in interactive torture and murder.
4815 | Kept you waitin'. GUILTY GEAR Xrd -SIGN- is finally here on Steam!
4816 | Oxenfree is a supernatural thriller about a group of friends who unwittingly open a ghostly rift. You are Alex, and you’ve just brought your new stepbrother Jonas to an overnight island party gone horribly wrong.
4817 | Card Shark is an adventure game full of cunning, intrigue, and delectable deceit. Enter a world where you’ll need to play your opponents better than you play your cards.
4818 | Kitty Powers’ Matchmaker is a hilarious dating simulator with a difference. Manage your own matchmaking agency with the guidance of your fabulous boss, drag queen diva Kitty Powers!
4819 | The introduction to a wild ride with gangsters and deep state conspiracy theories
4820 | Join The Mobile Trench Brigade and protect humanity from the evil Monovision menace!
4821 | Welcome to Olive Town, a peaceful community established by your trailblazing grandfather and his friends. Now that you've taken over his farm, it's your job to carry on his legacy. Plant crops, raise animals, build relationships, and get to know the residents of your new home!
4822 | A BRAZILIAN BOOMER SHOOTER GAME MADE USING THE ID TECH 2 ENGINE! SHOOT, JUMP, EMBARK ON A JOURNEY THROUGHOUT THE STATE OF RIO DE JANEIRO, HELL AND EVEN HEAVEN! SAVE BRAZIL!
"4823 | In the rogue action game ""Taboo Trial"", you will play as a young female warrior from the Norse mythology, who can transform into multiple cute and sexy female warriors. In the visually stunning 3D world, you will use your combat skills to uncover the truth behind the Twilight of the Gods."
4824 | FIGHT THE PAST TO SAVE THE FUTURE. STOP THE SINGULARITY. Learn the truth behind a massive cover-up of the catastrophic SINGULARITY, an event that fractured time and threatens the world as we know it. Armed with powerful, advanced weaponry and the experimental Time Manipulation Device, fight enemies from the past, the present, and...
"4825 | ""What is love?"" We try to answer that with this game. The game encourages people to have a warm, soft, and understanding heart."
4826 | 在本作中，“你”化身为即将迎来毕业季的男主顾易，在对未来的迷茫与憧憬中，你将与六位性格迥异、各具魅力的女生发生一连串的故事，她们或是鬼马少女、或是温柔甜心、猫系娇女、豆腐西施，千娇百媚、亦幻亦真，敬过往。
4827 | Join Head and Heels (pun intended) to defeat the Emperor in this award-winning vintage gem remake that plays (and looks!) better than ever before.
4828 | Lead an alien bacterial race that induces male to female body transformations, one cell at a time. But as the women embrace their bodies, the politicians close in… Femdemic is a witty, trans-affirming idle clicker with two story paths that explore gender, happiness, and femininity.
4829 | Hidden & Dangerous 2 is a first and third person tactical shooter that builds upon the tremendous success of Hidden & Dangerous. You lead a small squad of Allied soldiers deep behind enemy lines, to carry out secret missions during World War II.
4830 | Capturing the hearts of countless fans since 2007, Little Busters! is an emotional visual novel from Key, the minds behind Angel Beats! and CLANNAD. This special English release supports touch controls and dynamic switching between English and Japanese text, and is in HD for the first time on PC.
4831 | 42 of the weirdest, trippiest, sheepiest games ever created. Enter the mind of Jeff Minter, the legendary creator of Attack of the Mutant Camels, Gridrunner, and Tempest 2000, in this interactive documentary from Digital Eclipse.
"4832 | ""First Class Escape 2: Head in the Clouds"" is a co-operative atmospheric escape-room-style puzzle game, set in a beautiful luxury airship. Do you think you have what it takes to overcome the challenges that await you on the airship?"
4833 | WANDERER: Broken Bed is a hentai adventure game with dating-sim, point-and-click and RPG elements that will take you to a world of pleasures and lewd adventures.
4834 | Empire of Sin is a new strategy game brought to you by Romero Games and Paradox Interactive that puts you at the heart of the ruthless criminal underworld of 1920s Prohibition-era Chicago.
4835 | The unauthorized, kid-friendly version of the classic Stephen King thriller (or maybe not, maybe it's just a game about one-horned goatbabies)
4836 | It's a Car, made of Jelly! Squishy Physics, Tactile, Silly & Imaginative Driving/Platforming
4837 | A Live2D onahole simulator that trains a big-boob VTuber drawn by Asanagi-sensei. Fully interlocked with mouse operation! Her facial expressions and voice changes as you insert her! Her body moves dynamically! Various parts can be switched to make her look the way you want her to look.
4838 | Endless Alice is a third-person action-adventure game combining Roguelite elements, anime aesthetics, and endless possibilities. Choose characters with unique combat styles and embark on adventures! Play solo or with friends in cooperative challenges for up to 4 players!
4839 | Marauders is a tactical first-person multiplayer looter shooter set in a sci-fi universe. As a space pirate, work solo, or in a squad with up to 3 other players to navigate a hostile battleground, hunt for loot, craft new weapons and gear, and salvage what you’ll need to survive.
4840 | Build Your Online Empire! Create and manage your store in Beff Jezos Simulator. Customize your shop, source products, set prices, hire employees and grow your business. Face realistic challenges with addictive gameplay, perfect for all gamers. Don’t forget to ask yourself—what would Beff Jezos do?
4841 | Face massive hordes of mobs and unleash chaotic abilities that paint the screen with mayhem. Dive into the largest mob density of any 3D ARPG and slay them all. Wield epic powers, create your build, and shape a world of endless possibilities in the action-packed ARPG experience.
4842 | You have to escape Granny and Grandpa...You have five days...
4843 | Uncover the mystery of a land beset by a Falling Star's curse in this Roguelike Strategy RPG inspired by the classics. Build your party, recruit new allies, and synergize your team's skills for decisive victory.
4844 | Bridge the divide of an ancient schism between humans and monsters in Rune Factory 3 Special as half-human, half-wooly protagonist Micah. Farm, fight and fall in love as you revisit a classic in the series that perfected the blend of RPG & Life-sim genres.
4845 | You think Tower Defense games are all about building? You thought wrong. Sanctum is not your average Tower Defense title. When the havoc starts, you get to join the fray! As one of the world’s first First Person Shooter - Tower Defense games, Sanctum has taken the best of both worlds to deliver an epic, one-of-a-kind experience.
4846 | Yooka-Laylee is an all-new open-world platformer from genre veterans Playtonic! Explore huge, beautiful worlds, meet an unforgettable cast of characters and horde a vault-load of collectibles as buddy-duo Yooka and Laylee embark on an epic adventure to thwart corporate creep Capital B!
4847 | Dive into the vibrant world of aquatic retail with Aquatic Store Simulator! Take on the challenge of managing your underwater-themed supermarket, blending business management with the beauty of marine life. Stock shelves with exotic fish, decorations, set prices, take payments and maintain aquariums
4848 | A norwegian happysad game set in a northern land! Adventure through a beautiful and very varied wilderness. Dive, fly, use ziplines and find different weapons to aid your journey to reach the cold mountains and below. Encounter over 50 unique bosses and enemy types!
4849 | Fresh Start is a relaxing single player game, in which you embark on a mission to clean up the world and restore nature to its fresh and colorful shape. Watch as the world changes in front of your eyes as you help animals, solve puzzles and grow plants around you.
4850 | You got a problem? Yo, she’ll splode it. At the Big Science after-party celebrating the capture of Splosion Man, a spill of champagne shorts out the safety protocols on the splosionatrix and from it emerges Ms. Splosion Man. The latest creation from Twisted Pixel Games, the creators of Splosion Man, The Maw, and Comic Jumper, Ms.
4851 | On the weekend your neighbor's step sister invited friends over to his step mom's house so they can all meet up. When they played music, you and the other neighbors didn't like it and complained. At your neighbor's home with your girlfriend, all of you then suddenly get shrunk to the size of bugs.
"4852 | “GAROU: MARK OF THE WOLVES”, the latest entry in the legendary ""FATAL FURY"" Series which still continues to fascinate players around the world to this day, returns for a new fight on Steam!"
4853 | A student of East State University named Brad finds himself stranded at a rival college Saint Dame University during a hurricane that has unexpectedly changed course and struck the town. Explore the ancient and creepy campus grounds to uncover many mysteries and secrets... as well as some sexy fun!
4854 | ICBM is a real-time strategy game of nuclear destruction. Research new technologies, build up your nuclear stockpile and use a combination of ships, planes and missiles to strike at the heart of your opponents’ cities while keeping your population safe from harm.
4855 | Escort Simulator 2 is an immersive real time 3D adult RPG playground where you control the look of a attractive escort avatar exploring the hidden pleasures of a secret Polynesian island. Your imagination is the only limit to the potential fantasies in this deep and ever changing erotic universe.
4856 | With over 6 million units sold and unprecedented critical acclaim from fans and press around the world, Sid Meier's Civilization is recognized as one of the greatest PC game franchises of all-time. Now, Sid Meier and Firaxis Games will take this incredibly fun and addictive game to new heights by adding new ways to play and win, new...
4857 | Enhanced and updated for modern systems, this is the definitive edition of the action horror game that unleashed the red-headed dhampir on the world. In a story spanning five years, Rayne must stop a madman bent on using occult relics to bring about a new age of domination for the Third Reich.
4858 | You've never played a comic book like this! Control a team of heroes battling evil villains across dynamic environments. Play out epic comic book battles come to life in this exciting adaptation of the hit card game.
4859 | An adult tale of lust and horror in the vein of HP Lovecraft. Take on the part of a former detective who could never let go of the last terrible case he worked. One day his old partner comes knocking, begging for help.
4860 | In 960 A.D., the Zhao Song Dynasty was established. As the mayor, you'll need to help the townspeople settle down, cultivate the land and expand. However, when the emperor issues a national mandate, conflicts between factions threaten city development—what strategy will you adopt?
4861 | Uesugi Wakari, the ex-member of an idol group, was kicked out after a masturbation video leak. How will you rebuild her dream and turn her into a superstar? Your hectic journey (and nasty fun) has begun! With 30+ pornos, 400+ pics, 20+ outfits, and more, Idol Hands will blow your... (Cough)... mind!
4862 | Discover the secrets of the Calamity, a surreal catastrophe that shattered the world to pieces.
4863 | King's Orders is a simplified historical strategy game with an important innovation. You command your armies by sending letters with orders. Messengers with these letters travel the land and can be lost or intercepted. Generals execute orders upon receipt and send you reports the same dangerous way.
4864 | The ultimate 2D horror is back! Dive deep into the diverse world of horror movies! Nothing can prepare you for the R-rated challenges you will face!
4865 | There are many ways to go about the game and progress the story. Money can be earned in many different ways and through a variety of minigames. Want to work earnestly at a part-time job? Go for it! Want to work as a waitress? That's also an option!
4866 | Hordes of crazed out-of control bunnies have invaded, enslaving Rayman and forcing him to participate in 'gladiator' style trials. Help Rayman win his freedom back by entertaining and outwitting these fury foes. Use the most hilarious fighting moves imaginable.
"4867 | ""The promise begins."" The ""Dusk"" series, a trilogy of RPG titles from Gust's popular Atelier series, tells the story of a world on the verge ruin, told from the perspective of its unique characters. The 1st title in the series ""Atelier Ayesha"" is now available as a deluxe version."
4868 | Navigate through small diorama islands and tackle 200 handcrafted parking challenges with 100 unique trucks and buses. For an extra challenge, create your own custom problems in the Sandbox mode!
"4869 | After a long wait, Arika's EX characters gather once again for another exciting battle! Kairi, Skullomania, Blaire, Pullum and the others are all back with the latest graphics. And this time they're bringing a brand new system - the ""Gougi System"". Grasp victory with Gougi!"
4870 | This is an indie horror from the first person, in which you find yourself in an area called Kowloon in search of cheap housing. The inhabitants of this place only at first glance seem to be ordinary people, but if we dig deeper, we will see their real faces.
4871 | It may not be stylish, but... Live.Eat or be eaten. TOKYO GHOUL:re [CALL to EXIST] is a co-op survival action game that lets you experience the exciting world of Tokyo Ghoul and Tokyo Ghoul:re for yourself.
4872 | Curious Expedition 2 is a turn-based narrative roguelike set in a reimagined version of the late 19th century that uses procedural gameplay and story elements to create completely unique and epic adventures every time you play.
4873 | Lost in an alternate dimension, Neptune must collect enough shares to get back home. Sounds easy – except the Seven Sages want to rid Gamindustri of CPUs, including Neptune! Help defeat them and return her to her own world in this JRPG – or be stuck in the '80s forever!
4874 | Once a Porn a Time: Porn and Cards is a NSFW visual novel/turn-based card game/ point and click, with stunning 2D visuals and animations in an immersive narration in the Galactic Wild West
4875 | Welcome to a world of survival on a deserted island, characterized by an incredible wildlife and abandoned structures. Immerse yourself in a game set in a natural and post-apocalyptic environment where your primary task is to survive in KeepUp Survival.
4876 | You have five days to save your husband, who has just been arrested by the Gestapo. Investigate, explore and form allegiances in this story-rich RPG-lite. Who will you trust?
4877 | A punishing VR climbing game. Climb a surreal mountain with nothing but a hammer.
4878 | Welcome to the third and final season of My Pleasure, a choice-driven adult Visual Novel, full of hot women, mystery, and sex! This VN is packed with high-quality graphics, a rich story, humor, and hot close-up animations!
4879 | It’s Christmas 1998. The world’s most annoying toy just came out, and yours won’t stay in his box. Can you stop Tattletail from getting you in trouble before the bloodthirsty Mama Tattletail hunts you down? Story-driven first person horror. New DLC Included!
4880 | Bewitching Sinners is a dark comedy dating sim where your choices will either leave you with your true love or ruin a whole world and potentially killing millions of people within it, no pressure! Explore a fantasy world full of witches, hot priests, and the occasional dance with death.
4881 | Welcome to Bricklandia, home of a massive open-world LEGO® driving adventure. Race anywhere, play with anyone, build your dream rides, and defeat a cast of wild racing rivals for the coveted Sky Trophy!
4882 | An epic adventure in a land of monsters, traps and magic. Journey across the deadly Shamutanti Hills and through Kharé, Cityport of Thieves. Armed with your sword and over fifty spells with weird and wonderful effects, embark on a narrative adventure of a thousand choices where every one is remembered.
4883 | Relive the beginnings of the Anno® series with Anno® 1602 History Edition, updated and optimized for current computers.
4884 | TrackMania² Stadium is the return of the popular Stadium environment enjoyed by millions of players with TrackMania Nations Forever. Now part of the ManiaPlanet environment, Stadium allows for improved services around the game, better graphics and a powerful track editor.
4885 | Kingdom: New Lands builds upon the award-winning gameplay and mystery of Kingdom by introducing an abundance of new content to the IGF-nominated title while maintaining the simplicity and depth that legions of monarchs have come to experience and enjoy.
4886 | Seducing The Devil is an erotic Visual Novel filled with choices and multiple endings. You'll encounter 4 major branches, each with its own unique plot. Will you follow your heart or give in to desire? The choice is yours. Are you ready to dive into a world of love and lust? Let the seduction begin!
4887 | Craft your dream fishing experience in this engaging tycoon idler. Stock your pond with rare fish, build and upgrade your shop, attract eager customers, and manage your business to become a legendary fishing haven.
4888 | You are Garrett, the master thief. Rarely seen and never caught, Garrett is the best that ever was. Able to sneak past any guard, pick any lock, and break into the most ingeniously secured residences. Garrett steals from the wealthy and gives to himself, making his living in the dark and foreboding City.
4889 | Put simply, DEEEER Simulator is a “Slow-Life Town Destruction Game”. You can spend your days enjoying a nice, relaxed frolic here and there together with the other animals around town, or you can choose to relieve some stress and absolutely destroy the town and everything in it.
4890 | Horny Housewives is a Open World RPG that allows you to play in a suburban setting that involves a high-stakes world of betrayal, mystery, and adventure. Help attractive women in a suburban neighborhood with their daily tasks, solve puzzles, and make choices that will affect the story.
4891 | Behind a veil of secrecy the evil Empire is creating a doomsday army - one that, if finished, will become the final cog in the Empire's arsenal of terror and domination. Your Mission? Join the Rebel Alliance's covert operations division, infiltrate the Empire.
4892 | Dive into the seductive world of Unreal Lust Theory, a 3D adult game packed with quests and steamy encounters. Live out your fantasies as a 20-year-old, navigating interactions with a variety of alluring female characters. Embark on a journey where choices lead to thrilling outcomes.
4893 | Men of War: Assault Squad features a completely new cooperative skirmish game mode with access to five different nations (Russia, Germany, USA, Commonwealth and, for the first time ever in the Men of War series, Japan) as well as increased realism and accessibility.
"4894 | It's not about saving the world. In this ""leisure adventure RPG,"" failing student Marie pursues alchemy, adventures, and quests while aiming to graduate in five years. ""Atelier Marie,"" the origin of the Atelier series, has been remade with new elements!"
4895 | Experience two different stories with two different heroines in this love-filled idol management game! Complete with Live 2D-animated H-Scenes!
4896 | A 2D Point & Click Dating Adventure set on an idyllic tropical island. Meet and romance girls, catch fish, serve drinks, solve puzzles, and get laid in a paradise of intrigue, romance, and lust.
4897 | A turn-based RPG adventure, full of video game references, juvenile dialogue, and anime fanservice... and also strategic combat, monster catching, and tons of treasure hunting! Updated with tons of new content!
4898 | In this immersive sci-fi thriller, you will experience the atmosphere of classic 3D games as you solve puzzles, follow an intriguing non-linear storyline, and engage in battles with monsters.
4899 | ShapeHero Factory is a game that fuses the factory simulation, roguelite, and tower defense genres. Use different shape combinations to mass-produce a variety of heroes, who will then fight all on their own. All you need to worry about is building the optimal factory to manufacture them.
4900 | Two years in the making, Championship Manager 2010 is the latest edition of the most established name in football management. TOTAL VISION With over 500 custom animations per player and multiple pitch views the custom 3D match engine lets you watch all your tactics and formations come together.
4901 | Into the Necrovale is an Action RPG in which you collect powerful items that interact with one another. You must be clever with your build if you hope to pierce the mysteries and dangers of the Necrovale, where a thousand generations of miscreants and criminals have been banished.
4902 | Konami's Castlevania Anniversary Collection traces the origins of the historic vampire franchise. Included is a unique eBook with details provided by developers, artists and others inspired by the Castlevania legacy which sheds a fresh light into the world of Castlevania.
4903 | Easy to play, hard to master. This is one of the most iconic arcade shooter of the 90s, released by Psikyo. It comes back with many customizable options and online rankings!
4904 | Tired of sitting on the ground? Take a sky-high journey with your friends in Only Climb: Better Together! Touch the clouds with your own hands and find out what's behind them, but remember, there are no easy paths…
4905 | Breakout is back! In this neon-drenched take on the classic, you’ll need to literally break through each puzzle by clearing bricks to breach the final goal. Rack up a combo and create spectacular light shows alone or with a friend.
4906 | Lead an army of 100 Wonderful Ones from around the world in this Unite Action spectacular!
4907 | A MILF, who is a potent and cold-blooded bounty hunter, is now hunting for semen because of a curse?! To lift the curse, she has to swallow her pride to ask men for help. Watch the arrogant MILF gradually submit herself to the rain of semen!!
4908 | Enter an inexplicable, abstract mansion to rescue a loved one in this fast-paced, brutal, and dark roguelite filled with precise but savage gunplay and time-bending slow motion. Face your inner demons and unveil the secrets of the Mansion.
4909 | Boo Men is a 1-4 player online co-op horror game. You and your crew of burglars are tasked with stealing from ghosts. Just remember to stay in the light because you never know what could be lurking in the dark...
4910 | Rise of a Porn Star is a sandbox style Erotic Game with more than 40 steamy levels of gameplay and over 60 sexual poses and positions to learn. You control all of the action as Daisy starts a career in adult films, going from bikini model to world-renowned Porn Star.
4911 | Embark on a whimsical journey and bring joy to a bright fantasy world in this roleplaying adventure for 1-4 players. Craft your own story and solve quests how you like, but beware, for every time you fail the Dragon will send you back in time!
4912 | Defeat hellish monsters and rebuild your home in Pyrene, a fast paced roguelike dungeon-crawler. Play with different heroes & spells, collect powerful relics to upgrade your deck while uncovering the mysteries behind your village’s destruction.
4913 | Thrust into a parallel dimension, our buxom shinobi prepare for a new kind of beach-side battle. Can the islands’ hosts be trusted? Will the other schools play fair? Will there be time to enjoy the beach before the fighting starts? Will anyone manage to keep their clothes intact?
4914 | Defend the fortified beaches of Pacific against invading forces in this WW2 FPS game as the enemy attacks you with troops, tanks, planes and more! Play on your on own or COOP while using iconic Japanese and American WWII weapons and prepare your defenses with mines, explosives, and more!
4915 | This is a multiplayer cooperative open world construction survival sandbox game, where you and your friends must find supplies and build shelters in this world. You have to keep an eye on your character's needs state at all times, a bad state is likely to lead to death.
4916 | Real-time against real pilots; this is Star Wars space combat as it was meant to be! Featuring challenging real-time dogfights of 2 to 8 players, Star Wars™: X-Wing vs. TIE Fighter is one of the most historically significant space combat simulators ever made.
4917 | Relive the days of the early internet and dive into this fictional video game era, where the 'Kinmoku Shark’ gaming system and its online social network 'Videoverse' were still popular…
4918 | Rebuild a ruined city in this post-apocalyptic mix of strategy and simulation. Manage survivors, scavenge for food and supplies, deal with rival gangs, illness, interpersonal strife and zombie attacks.
4919 | Red Faction: Guerrilla re-defines the limits of destruction-based game-play with a huge open-world, fast-paced guerrilla-style combat, and true physics-based destruction.
4920 | Never Second in Rome is a turn-based historical game with RPG and management elements. You are a Roman centurion in the army of Julius Caesar. You will control both your character and the unit under his command.
4921 | The dark is no place to be alone. After a beautiful show of summer fireworks, two young girls begin to make their way home. However, a mysterious attacker separates them, and both must brave the haunting night filled with unspeakable terrors and survive the darkness.
4922 | Join Maliki and her wacky family in their epic battle against Poison, a fearsome plant creature that has colonized space-time. Go along on a fantastic odyssey through the ages that provides a unique mix of exploration, temporal riddles and turn-based fights full of surprises.
4923 | In a labyrinth surrounded by vicious monsters, Explorers must rely on their Lasso to survive! Capture and tame ANY monster to leap, glide, surf, tunnel and websling through a treacherous, patchwork maze. This roguelike/metroidvania seems cute, but it’s a deceptively difficult bullet-hell challenge!
4924 | ‘Station to Station’ is a minimalist & relaxing game about building railway connections. Grab your conductor’s hat and bring the voxel-art world to life through the magic of trains!
4925 | Help underwater detective Freddi Fish and her finny friend Luther solve the case. Explore underwater caves, deep canyons and colorful reefs, and discover fascinating places like King Crab's Castle and A Sunken Ship Out of Time, in an effort to save the reef.
4926 | Chorus of Carcosa is a first-person psychological horror game about an anxious sculptor who is trapped in a dark and ever-changing building. Stay silent, survive its twisted labyrinths and escape the monsters. Just don’t lose your way in the shadows or within your own mind.
4927 | Will To Live is a MMORPG-shooter whose action takes place in a severe post-apocalyptic world. Explore the world, engage in fights with mutants and other survivors, join the clans in the struggle for existence and prove your right to Live.
4928 | Eroico is a colorful, lighthearted platformer with monster-girls and sexual content. Journey across the land, battling and escaping the grasp of monster-girl foes in your quest to defeat the demon lord!
4929 | Explore the world of PAW Patrol like never before and stop Mayor Humdinger’s super blimp mayhem, in a free-roaming 3D adventure full of pup-tastic fun!
4930 | Driven to the brink of extinction on ice-covered wastelands, humankind fights to survive. Battle to survive against gargantuan alien Akrid and treacherous Snow Pirates on the vast and frozen landscape of EDN III.
4931 | A Victorian mansion. A cult worshipping an otherworldly erotic deity. Among all that - you. Explore a world inspired by the works of Lovecraft, Giger, and Beksiński. See for yourself that there are no limits to dark ecstasy.
4932 | Automate swarms of office workers to solve puzzles inside your very own parallel computer made of people. A thrilling followup to the award winning Human Resource Machine. Now with more humans!
4933 | Red Faction: Armageddon Path to War includes 4 new missions, 2 unlockable items and 10 new achievements!
4934 | INAYAH – Life After Gods is a thrilling action-platformer with metroidvania elements. Immerse yourself in a story with multiple choices, explore diverse biomes, face more than 20 bosses, and develop your character with a unique progression system.
"4935 | Driven away by the cost of living, you and your childhood friend set off with the goal to turn things around and start a new life. Explore, gather, and build up the town from scratch into a place you'll be proud to call ""home""!"
4936 | EXFIL delivers raw tactical FPS intensity with no distractions. No loot grinding, no gimmicks—just pure realism. From the co-designer of 'Squad,' this milsim tests your strategy, comms and teamwork in high-stakes, single-life matches. Will your squad rise to the challenge?
4937 | Yoshima: Hentai Simulator is a 2D game with a lot of mechanics. It is always exhausting to look for apartment, but fortune is at your side now! Welcome your new roommate, Yoshima! Can you find the key to her heart? Don't forget to pay the rent!
4938 | Dodge bullets, missiles and lasers in battle as you wrap your head around that bunny girl costume! Combo away with your mighty Piko Hammer or spam various spells from afar with your fiery fairy friend. Explore and explode through Rabi-Rabi Island as you collect power-ups and uncover secrets...
4939 | Summer vacation is finally here, and the next few weeks promise to be anything but uneventful! Natsu has just 30 days to acclimate to life in the countryside, help the locals face their demons, find that special someone, and gain the self-confidence to return home with his head held high!
4940 | Death is but a lesson in the geometric gloom. Step into a hand-crafted souls-like as a forsaken triangle, carving your path through the remnants of this abstract fantasy. Fight powerful angular enemies and uncover twisted secrets as you liberate an oppressed world.
4941 | Hop off the train and into your new life in the village of Hokko! Take over the old workshop and get creative; use crafted materials and design everything in town! With complete creative freedom, what type of town will you build?
4942 | Leave your compass behind and join Luffy as he embarks on a brand new action-packed adventure where you can experience the powers of the legendary Gum-Gum fruit to uncover hidden secrets on an original, never-before-seen island!
4943 | Sexy Airlines is an idle-clicker dating game, that puts you in charge of an airlines company. Your goal is to use your business to hire flight attendants and get intimate with them. The more successful your business, the greater your ability to progress with the girls and make them fall for you.
4944 | Become a phone repair technician, get the opportunity to look into the personal data of customers. Influence their destinies if you dare!
4945 | Tiny Combat Arena is an approachable combat flight simulator sporting a stylized look and various game modes. Dogfight your way in the Arena and in Quick Action or craft your own scenarios and take part in a vast war with objectives and friendly armies to support.
4946 | An entire town builder experience packed into a living spreadsheet. Build housing, assign workers, then craft and sell a huge variety of items to level up your town and expand your civilization across the world!
4947 | Idle Big Devil is a free idle RPG game with 3D graphics. If you are interested in strategy or idle games, you might want to take a look!
4948 | A management/ visual novel femboy game. Complete orders made by customers, and manage your expenses to survive, while also wooing femboys! Start a new job as a femboy serving burgers -among other things!
4949 | Immigration Enforcement Case #112: You are under arrest. Unless your friends can cross a broken America, retrieve your identifying documents and stay out of trouble... this is the end of the American dream for you.
4950 | Chained in the Backrooms is a 1-4 player co-op, mission-based horror game. Trapped in a blurry subconscious and chained together, toy bears must solve puzzles, complete challenging missions, and survive against creatures trying to destroy them.
4951 | Welcome to Technotopia, a city-builder card game. Take on the role of an AI designed to build a perfect city. Build districts, meet the needs of diverse communities and maintain the delicate balance between factions vying for control over you!
4952 | The sequel to the captivating tale of Fuga: Melodies of Steel has arrived! This turn-based RPG is back with a ramped up battle system for more strategy, as well as a brand new event system that gives you more thrilling choices to affect your experience!
4953 | Create your own nation in Millennia, a historical turn-based 4X game that challenges your strategic prowess across 10,000 years of history, from the dawn of humanity to our possible futures.
4954 | A Victorian steampunk RPG with tarot cards instead of dice. Investigate the disappearance of society’s most vulnerable to uncover a mysterious cult. Play as three characters, each with their own skills and motivations. Customize your characters with narrative choices to unlock new tarot cards.
4955 | A ground-based RTS prequel to the classic Homeworld games. Assemble your fleet and lead them to victory on the shifting sands of Kharak in this compelling strategy game for PC from Blackbird Interactive.
4956 | For the first time on Steam, the incredible, over-the-top 2D fighter Million Arthur: Arcana Blood is ready to kick-off! Featuring many of the popular characters from the smash hit Million Arthur series as well as a variety of guest fighters!
4957 | Sid Meier's Civilization III: Complete, the latest offering in the Sid Meier's Civilization III franchise, provides gaming fans with Sid Meier's Civilization III, the highly-addictive journey of discovery.
4958 | Welcome to WE ARE FOOTBALL 2024! Dive into the world of football like never before. Choose an existing club or start your own. Manage either men or women, lead your club to new heights, and become the next manager legend!
4959 | As Leonardo's apprentice, you will solve puzzles, uncover inventions, and search for hidden objects in 16th-century Florence. Use a unique device to glimpse the past and unravel mysteries. Encounter war machines, intricate lockboxes, and immersive room escapes inspired by Da Vinci's genius.
4960 | Become a journalist who researches old car accident cases. Help victims and perform first aid, obtain evidence and reconstruct the events to discover what really happened.
4961 | Interpret the law as you see fit! Run the sheriff’s department, manage your cops, make tough decisions – and try to keep out of prison yourself – in this story-driven mixture of adventure, strategy, and turn-based tactical combat.
"4962 | War of Paragons. A war for world dominion waged by ""paragons"", the representatives of their races. Once, it was the human paragon who won the war, damning elvenkind to the fate of slavery. A thousand years has passed. Another War of Paragons is about to begin."
4963 | A twenty-year-old princess walks into a magic store to ask the owner for a favor. You will need to find the right spell to help the princess deal with her problem. Combine magic elements and solve interesting puzzles in order to cast spells on the princess, but no one knows what the outcome will be.
4964 | The buxom shinobi of SENRAN KAGURA are back, and they've traded their katanas for water guns in this Third-Person Splasher! Customize your team, lead them through battles across a sprawling single-player campaign, or go online and take on teams worldwide. Come on in; the water's great!
4965 | There's trouble once again in River City, and this time only the girls can save the day! Using a variety of attacks, weapons, and items, these hot-blooded heroines are ready to teach the city’s lowlifes a lesson - either solo or in 2-player co-op! It’s an old-school rumble for a new generation!
4966 | The store is your kingdom! Expand your humble boutique into a thriving business: hire the right staff, decorate your displays, and lure in customers. Even your wildest ideas can turn a profit. Why not start a business that sells only white T-shirts and ketchup? PCs and beans? Your rule, your rules!
4967 | Boat, climb, interact and explore in the beautiful ruins of a sunken world.
4968 | Rediscover the beloved 2D arcade-style beat 'em up inspired by the iconic comic and movie Scott Pilgrim vs. The World!
4969 | Mini Ninjas is a game that combines furious action with stealth and exploration for an experience that appeals to a wide audience across age groups and preferences. It’s an action-adventure with a strong focus on allowing the player freedom to explore the world and has the depth to allow for very varied gameplay and approaches to getting...
4970 | Travel the globe in search of flavorful and exotic ingredients to customize your own chocolate creations. You’ll use post-World War II economic and technological advances to customize your very own chocolate creations, assist the Baumiesters, and strive to become CEO of your very own chocolate empire!
4971 | Welcome to the zombie apocalypse experience of a lifetime – more beautiful than ever. Caught in an epic zombie outbreak on the tropical island of Banoi, your only thought is: Survive!
4972 | Slender Man returns more terrifying than ever. You're on your own. No one to help you. No one to hear you scream. Relive the horror all over again with cutting edge visuals for the 10th Anniversary Update and experience survival horror at its finest.
4973 | The next installment in the high-speed 2D action Gunvolt series is finally here with Azure Striker Gunvolt 3. Balancing both an involving story and satisfying gameplay, Gunvolt 3 is the most extravagant entry in the series yet!
4974 | Design and build the most efficient metro stations known to man! Excavate. Expand. Set staff priorities. And manage the commuter flow. Overcrowd is a 2.5D management/tycoon/simulator set below the bustling city of Lubdon Town.
4975 | Zero Caliber is the ultimate VR FPS: single player/Co-op campaign, PvP and mod support with 40+ realistic firearms & melee weapons, 100+ unlockable skins, 50+ attachments, realistic physics, progression & more! Immerse yourself in the action, customize your gear and unleash your inner hero!
4976 | A game about high-speed downhill longboarding and a sloth named Eddy. Carve up the mountainside as you drift through the beautiful landscape, and find the perfect balance of speed and control.
4977 | Swordhaven is a classic party-based RPG. Explore the land of Nova Drakonia, embark on quests unique to your character, discover mysterious artefacts of the ancients, and unravel a hidden conspiracy that threatens the very existence of the world.
4978 | Join Kururu on her journey to find true love and experience the charm of Rhapsody II's storybook adventure!
4979 | The original castle sim, Stronghold HD allows you to design, build and destroy historical castles. Engage in medieval warfare against the AI in one of two single player campaigns or online with up to 8 players.
4980 | Experience YIIK: A Postmodern RPG 1.5 (I.V) update with revamped battles and cutscenes. A child relinquishes her name for a birthday invite, hoping to find her brother. Alex's reality unravels, guided by a mysterious cat, witnessing a woman vanish, igniting an obsession that threatens his world.
4981 | The Blackout Club is a first-person co-op horror game centered around a group of teenage friends investigating a monstrous secret beneath the skin of their small town. 1-4 players explore procedurally-generated missions against a fearsome enemy you can only see with your eyes closed.
4982 | Cypher is a first person puzzle game about cryptography.
4983 | Free chips!Including Texas Hold'em, Slots, Blackjack, Teen Patti, Omaha, Baccarat, Roulette and more poker games.
4984 | Summer For You is a spicy 2D visual novel with lots of mechanics where you’ll have to win the hearts of stunning girls! Build your harem or find your soulmate, save your soul or go straight to Hell with a demoness!
4985 | Amidst a catastrophe, the protagonists find themselves trapped inside a hospital that has been conducting mysterious research. While they manage to survive the initial disaster, they are soon confronted with insane mutations—and the struggle to escape the hospital which leaves both their sanity and physical forms under siege.
4986 | Slay to the beat as the award-winning score of Metal: Hellsinger VR thunders through your body. Experience the smash-hit rhythm FPS like never before and enter a state of unparallelled flow. Show the Hells the meaning of metal.
4987 | The award-winning point-and-click adventure returns in the Director's Cut with an extended story, additional puzzles, and new areas to explore. Witness the rise of an iconic detective as you uncover a dark and sinister truth hiding behind the calm exterior of a small rural town.
4988 | Play the classic board game, Axis & Allies 1942 2nd Edition! Act as WWII powers in a turn-based strategy game that fits your screen and schedule— get notified on your turn and command armies at your own pace! Team up with friends, challenge the world’s top players, or go solo vs. A.I.
4989 | Mordheim: City of the Damned is the first video game adaptation of Games Workshop's cult classic tabletop game Mordheim. Set in the Warhammer World's decimated Empire city, Mordheim: City of the Damned is a turn-based tactical game where you lead warbands into bloody and lethal skirmishes.
4990 | Physics sandbox game that uses a graphics card as a supercomputer. Change the laws of physics, design mechanisms, create A-Life worlds and inhabit them with living beings, experiment with evolution and AI.
4991 | The reborn HD edition, Remastered by Siro! Set in Piova, the city of music and endless rain. Guide Chris Vertin on the path to become a master musician in a harmonious fusion of Visual Novel and Music-based gameplay.
4992 | Embark on an epic action-adventure as you slash, dash, and combo your way through a vast, vibrant world. Explore and uncover hidden secrets. Customize your build to triumph in spectacular boss battles. Experience a tale of mystery, magic, and mayhem in TEVI, a bullet hell metroidvania!
4993 | Build a new home for your team of robots as they begin a new life for themselves on a distant planet where they can fulfil their ultimate dream: to be human.
4994 | A world where time has no meaning - and evil knows no bounds. Torn from a world long gone, the time traveling warrior Turok has found himself thrust into a savage land torn by conflict.
4995 | Kanami, a former Dragon Slayer who lost her job due to the extinction of dragons. Now, she has embraced her new job as a Monster Hunter, wholeheartedly committed to vanquishing goblins.
4996 | Moncage is a unique puzzle adventure game where you explore a fascinating world trapped inside a mysterious cube. With each face displaying a unique scene, you’ll have to leverage the illusions and discover the hidden links to solve the puzzle.
4997 | Meet gorgeous women! Raid and defend your village, explore the islands of the north and build your own harem in Vikings: Sex and Blood!
4998 | There are many different levels where you can play with spinners, plunge into the subtleties of handling weapons, milk a cow, take part in a Mexican duel with your friends, have a good time fishing, play chess or simply chat in an anonymous club.
4999 | SÆLIG is a game that blends together elements of simulation, strategy, RPG, and business management. Centred around the life of you and your family, you must try to survive and bring wealth and prosperity to your household.
5000 | It’s a punk rock apocalypse! Team up with your friends to lead embattled punk rock band Charlie Murder in their epic quest to save the world from rival death metalers Gore Quaffer and their legions of evil.
5001 | Sneak around the Eclipse-9 station, avoiding RubiA the rogue AI who's seeking to drain you of all your cum!
5002 | Paper Dolls Original is a first-person horror adventure game steeped in Eastern culture. You act a man who is separated from his daughter after a car accident. When he awakes, he finds himself in a deserted Asian mansion. Find your daughter and unveil a terrifying story buried for a hundred years
5003 | Aiko's Choice is the anticipated standalone expansion to the acclaimed stealth strategy game Shadow Tactics. Set in Edo Japan, you take control of the skillful kunoichi adept Aiko and her deadly assassin friends to hunt down the ghosts of her past.
5004 | Build your business! control every aspect of a thriving vending machine business. Buy, place, and restock machines to increase profits. Do you have what it takes to manage, expand, and dominate the vending industry?
5005 | Eyes of War is a real-time strategy game set in the medieval era, offering both single-player and multiplayer experiences where you can control every unit in character mode. Build your castle, lead your army, and dominate the map. Eyes of War invites you to epic battles of the medieval era!
5006 | Explore a vast open world filled with unique creatures and dungeons. Choose from six powerful classes and embark on an epic fantasy journey in this classic 2D RPG. Play singleplayer or multiplayer with your friends (up to 4 players).
5007 | R-Type has returned! The legendary side-scroller is back and better than ever with beautifully rendered 3D graphics, exhilarating shoot-'em-up gameplay, and a multitude of stages, ships, and weapons that will allow you to conduct a symphony of destruction upon your foes.
5008 | Find 1500 cats hiding in over 15 iconic locations such as Rio de Janeiro, Istanbul or Tokyo in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game.
5009 | Eliminate your victims as a serial killer dubbed ‘The Sniper Killer’. Terrorize the city with your keen eye and thirst for blood while staying one step ahead of a detective hell bent on bringing you to justice.
5010 | Backrooms Society is a 1-8 player co-op horror game. Make your way through unique levels of the backrooms while trying to survive and avoid mysterious entities. Scavenge each level for gear and resources, bring it back to The Hub where you can sell valuables and buy/craft new gear.
5011 | A fast paced multiplayer shooter that pits aliens against humans in a strategic and action-packed struggle for survival!
5012 | Take control of the hive and protect it from enemies. Build factories and defence, research technologies and, if necessary, use nuclear weapons, but do not let the enemies harm the queen!
5013 | Become the captain of an airship and explore the world of the skies, gather resources and build powerful weapons, uncover ancient secrets and fight beneath your ship's sails.
5014 | A sci-fi comedy adventure game
5015 | CARMAGEDDON: MAX DAMAGE is HERE! And it's the antidote to Racing Games.
5016 | Climb a massive overgrown concrete tower while constantly at risk of falling and losing precious progress. BETON BRUTAL offers a fluid and responsive first person parkour experience through tranquil brutalist architecture.
5017 | Degrees of Separation is a puzzle platformer where cooperation is built into every move. Two contrasting souls, Ember and Rime, fall in love, but are separated by an enigmatic force, and must use their powers to progress through a spectacular world of fantasy and adventure.
5018 | Saiko No Sutoka is a Horror Survival Game where you as a Protagonist must escape and avoid the crazy yandere girl who wants you dead.
5019 | Dungeon Drafters is a mystery dungeon adventure set in a world where magic is cards, and cards are magic. Explore ancient ruins, loot rare cards and employ clever combos to defeat your foes and build the legendary spell deck that could save the world.
5020 | Embrace the horrors of Banban’s Kindergarten. Delve even deeper into the depths of the establishment that was left suspiciously empty. Try to survive the unexpected residents and continue the search for your child…
5021 | Techtonica is a first-person factory automation game with a gripping mystery about mining your way out from the depths of an alien planet. Explore bioluminescent caves, mold destructible terrain, construct a massive subterranean factory. Dig your way toward answers & discover the secrets of Calyx.
5022 | Sokobond is an elegantly designed puzzle game about chemistry. It's logical, minimalist, and beautiful - crafted with love and science.
5023 | The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a first-person story-driven mystery. Purchase this game to get both the original and the Unreal Engine 4 remaster called The Vanishing of Ethan Carter Redux.
5024 | Return to the soccer field with your favorite Backyard athletes! The original Backyard Soccer 1998 is back and now enhanced to run on Steam. Build your roster from among the iconic Backyard Kids. Kick, pass, and score in this classic game that made soccer fun for everyone!
5025 | Live the thrilling career of an army commander and lead your army to victory in a massive online World War III! Take control of the U.S.-led Joint Strike Force, the European Enforcers Corps, or the Russian Spetsnaz Guards Brigade in a persistent ongoing World War.
5026 | Welcome, commander, to Project Entropy- an ultimate Sci-Fi and role-playing game with battles in space. In this immersive MMO experience, you will command alien civilizations, conquer uncharted planets, and build Hero fleets.
5027 | Welcome to BALAN WONDERWORLD—a wondrous all-action show, the likes of which has never been seen before! Over 80 different costumes give you all the action that you could possibly imagine!
5028 | Going Rogue is a Visual Novel style game focused on storytelling, realistic characters, a branching story with lots of choices, and of course, an excellent visual quality.
5029 | Puzzle Compound is an online cooperative multiplayer puzzle solving game where 2-4 friends gather clues, work together and explore multiple locations with the goal of escaping.
5030 | Hexcells Infinite is an ambient logic puzzle game for PC, Mac and Linux.
5031 | Destroyer: The U-Boat Hunter brings you an authentic and historically accurate destroyer simulation along with gripping anti-submarine warfare set in the turmoils of the Atlantic Ocean during World War II.
5032 | Build a deck and battle online in real-time action with rollback netcode!
5033 | Enjoy Disney Infinity with a Full Toy Box! Disney Infinity 2.0: Gold Edition invites you to enter the worlds of Disney Storytelling and Marvel Adventures with all Disney Infinity 2.0 Characters and Playsets Unlocked to enjoy experiences only Disney, Marvel, and your imagination can bring to life.
5034 | Strategic Command: World War I is a new chapter in the Strategic Command Franchise. Relive this momentous conflict from the opening shots of 1914 to the final offensives. Strategic Command: World War I covers all the main aspects and theatres of the war.
5035 | The plague spreads agony and fear in the small town of Wippra. As a plague doctor, you bring healing and relief wherever you can. But ignorance, superstition, and religious zeal make for a deadly threat in this retro medieval medical adventure!
5036 | Concordia is a strategic, Euro-style board game. 🏺 Players take the roles of powerful Roman merchants and follow the Roman expansion with their trade routes, franchises, and production houses. 🏛️
5037 | WARNING: This game contains puns, dad jokes, flappy-bird-like-arcade-minigames, breaking of the 4th wall and jabs directed at tryhard-overly-serious-RPGS. Do not play if you hate FUN or would not like to strap in for a Hilarious quest for The Legendary Villain-Beating Artifact™.
5038 | An action adventure about a ghost’s journey through the afterlife. Possess enemies and the environment and fend off hostile spirits in pursuit of starry fragments from a past life.
5039 | Use the power of your virginity to defeat and humiliate the corrupt Angels in this rogue-lite card battle thriller!
5040 | Witching Stone is a puzzle game matched with a deckbuilder! Customise your spellbook and weave spells with coloured stones.
5041 | Will you lose your soul or find your soulmate?
5042 | Follow the protagonist's pursuit to uncover the death of his friends during the Taisho era of Japan. An highly-acclaimed, psychedelic BL murder-mystery visual novel from indie developer ADELTA!
5043 | Take to the battlefield with Wargroove, a strategy game for up to 4 players! Choose your Commander and wage turn-based war on battling factions. Design and share maps, cut-scenes and campaigns with easy-to-use editors and in-depth customization tools!
5044 | With awe-inspiring planetary backdrops, explosive new gems and dazzling special effects, Bejeweled 2 is more wildly addictive than ever before.
5045 | Enter the VRMMO world of the much-loved anime SWORD ART ONLINE! In Alfheim Online, a world of fairies and magic, you become the hero of the series, Kirito, and together with your wondrous friends try to conquer the floating land of Svart Alfheim.
5046 | MIR4 is a free-to-play open world K-fantasy MMORPG that can be cross-played on both PC and mobile devices. MIR4 is full of action and features numerous large scale clan PVP battles. Join now and become a legend.
5047 | ACRES is a small strategy simulation game about growing crops for evolving market demands. Build a farm, one acre at a time, to create a prosperous enterprise. Upgrade equipment, optimize harvests, and nurture the soil against increasing time pressure. How long can you keep the farm operating?
5048 | Immerse yourself in romantic visual stories where you control what happens!
5049 | Join Brian Pasternack on his first working day at Sintracorp. Uncertain, unprepared, and massively unqualified, will Pasternack have what it takes to shine in Sintracorp’s hierarchy? It all depends on how he performs on his first assignment… and whether he survives it.
5050 | Tank Warfare: Tunisia 1943 - tactical battalion level combat simulation. During the Tunisian Campaign in winter 1943 German Panzer battlegroups launch a counteroffensive against the Allied forces to drive them out of Eastern Dorsal.
5051 | Fourth in the legendary Monkey Island series of graphic adventures!
5052 | Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition enhances the bold new franchise to the fighting game genre from NetherRealm Studios. Featuring six new playable characters, over 30 new skins, and 60 new S.T.A.R. Labs missions, this edition packs a punch.
5053 | Cleaning isn’t just a chore, it’s a sport. Pull off insane tricks, string together epic combos, and battle the clock in this ridiculous first-person skate mopping adventure.
5054 | Golf Gang is a racing game. It’s a party game. It’s the fastest game of minigolf you'll ever play! Blend precision with speed to dominate in 8-player online mayhem or your solo speed runs.
5055 | Enter the world of steam and sugar and become a master chocolatier in Chocolate Factory Simulator. Craft gourmet chocolate for your customers in your steampunk workshop with the help of your automaton assistant Nougat.
5056 | Take on the role of a hardened career criminal executing intense, dynamic heists in constant pursuit of the next “big score”
5057 | Aliens Versus Predator Classic 2000 features the Colonial Marine, Alien and Predator Campaigns and the frenetic single-player Skirmish mode from the original title: Alien Versus Predator Gold Edition, which was released to massive acclaim in 2000.
5058 | Legend Bowl is a throwback to the classic 8-bit and 16-bit football games of the past. Take to the gridiron and fight your way to becoming a football legend! Enjoy sim-style gameplay, realistic weather, detailed stats, franchise mode, tournament mode, fully customizable rosters, and much much more!
5059 | Emily is Away Too is a brand new story featuring new characters and multiple different endings. Message your friends, surf the web and choose your path through this branching narrative.
5060 | SOS OPS! is more than a game. Your task is to save the city. You will find yourself in the epicenter of madness, where co-op missions with friends will raise the adrenaline to the limit!
5061 | Experience the world of Ancaria in its full glory with Sacred 2: Gold Edition. Containing Sacred 2 Fallen Angel and the awesome add-on Ice and Blood. Defeat countless dangerous enemies; capture powerful weapons and valuable treasures. Prepare yourself for the ultimate battle and become a legend.
5062 | A Sci-Fi role-playing game featuring turn-based ground combat, space exploration, deep character customization and a massive living universe with over 160,000 star systems. Equip your ships with the best equipment you can find, gather a powerful crew of mercenaries and set out into the void!
5063 | Become a real paleontologist, explore various environments and search for dinosaur fossils. Dig for and study the remnants of these majestic creatures to learn about their evolution. Build your own museum and experience an immersive background story.
5064 | Epic Auto Towers is a turn-based strategy game combining elements of autobattler, deckbuilder and roguelike. Purchase uncommon and rare Towers and build the strongest combo to withstand the monster assault! Discover unusual new Tower combinations as you come back for more.
5065 | Get virtually immersed in the mayhem-filled world of Borderlands as you step into the boots of a treasure-seeking Vault Hunter, grab 87 bazillion guns, and free Pandora from Handsome Jack’s clutches!
5066 | Share thoughts and hot food with your last ever clients, as you wait for the world to end.
5067 | FlatOut 4: Total Insanity™, where reckless driving has never been this much fun. FlatOut 4: Total Insanity™ blends everything everyone has ever loved about FlatOut into one offering. Gamers will also be introduced to all new and exciting features, game modes, and vehicles which will soon become personal favorites.
5068 | Can you escape the home of a cannibal serial killer? It's only a matter of time until you're dinner!
5069 | Play (or Re-play) This Classic Dungeon Crawler!During the golden days of action RPGs, FATE was a powerhouse, winning runner-up for PC Magazine’s Role-Playing Game of the year. Popular enough to spawn 3 sequels, this was one of the premier dungeon crawlers of its time.
5070 | Pyre is a party-based RPG from the creators of Bastion and Transistor. Lead your band of exiles to freedom through a series of mystical competitions in the Campaign, or challenge a friend to a fast-paced ritual showdown in the head-to-head Versus Mode.
5071 | Fantasy and synthwave collide in this physically active VR sword fighting game. Grow stronger as you battle through an awesome neon environment and strike down magic-infused monstrosities in this hack-and-slash roguelite. Fight. Fall. Rise Again.
5072 | Thanks to next generation AI technology, BUDDY SIMULATOR 1984 simulates the experience of hanging out with a best buddy! Your buddy learns from you, constantly adapting to your interests and personality. But most importantly, your buddy can play games with you!
5073 | After “KOF '98”, often praised by the fans as the best installment in the “KOF” series, and “KOF ’98 UM” 10 years later, “KOF ’98” returns now on the Steam PC gaming platform in an ultimate and final version with THE KING OF FIGHTERS ’98 ULTIMATE MATCH FINAL EDITION
5074 | Blanc is an artistic cooperative adventure that follows the journey of a wolf cub and a fawn stranded in a vast, snowy wilderness. They must come together in an unlikely partnership to find their families.
5075 | Touhou Luna Nights is a Metroidvania title with a heavy emphasis on exploration and action.　 Developed by Team Ladybug, creators of multiple fantastic action games thus far.
5076 | 2026, Sword Art: Origin, a new VRMMORPG has emerged. Kirito meets a mysterious NPC and receives a cryptic message. This game is definitively not the same as the one he escaped years ago…
5077 | Build a new home for your goblins! Grow your settlement from a little encampment to a bustling city in a beautiful procedurally generated northern forest. Fish, farm, explore the forest and harness the spirits in a unique fantasy citybuilder inspired by Finnish mythology.
5078 | Dive into the heart of ancient Japan in Two Strikes, a 2D combat extravaganza with breathtaking hand-drawn animations. As a fearless samurai, warrior monk, or daring outlaw, engage in electrifying duels where every strike can be your last.
5079 | Submachine is a hand-drawn puzzle adventure game. You find yourself in a vast network of desolate locations containing puzzles, secrets, notes and items to collect to help you along the way. Follow the story of a banished lighthouse keeper to discover his descent into ruins.
5080 | The ultimate edition of Shantae: Half-Genie Hero comes with all of the previously released DLC, Modes, and Costumes in one epic collection!  Includes an exclusive Blue Bathing Suit for use in Beach Mode!
5081 | Set sail for the ultimate pirate experience! Embark on a grand adventure alongside thousands of other players in one of the largest game worlds ever built (and even claim a piece of it to call your own). Build your ship, assemble your crew, sail the high seas, and become a pirate legend!
5082 | The HUNT Returns... AGAIN! Play the original Cult Classic '90s FPS remastered in 4K Ultrawide with UNLIMITED frame rates, RESTORED content, NEW episodes, a LEVEL EDITOR, online MULTIPLAYER, LUDICROUS gameplay options and MORE. Make 'em EAT LEAD or they'll bury you in a lunchbox!
5083 | Anya Forger has to create a photo diary! Collect memories at school and other exciting locations. Play with over 15 minigames inspired by the popular manga series! Can you help Anya fill up her photo diary?
5084 | eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate, EXPRESS. All of the depth, diplomacy, conflict and conquest of a turn-based 4X epic but played in fast-paced 60-minute competitive sessions. Play Solo or Multiplayer for 2-8 players.
"5085 | The final episode of the series, ""MELTY BLOOD Actress Again Current Code"" is now on Steam!"
5086 | Cast spells, be queer, and crash the biggest concert of the year! Spirit Swap is an action-puzzle meets narrative game set in a lush world of witchy demons.
5087 | Shattered Pixel Dungeon is a traditional roguelike dungeon crawler that's simple to start but hard to master! Every game is a unique challenge, with six different heroes, randomized levels and enemies, and hundreds of items to collect and use.
5088 | The all-new Action-RPG, ONINAKI tells the story of one Watcher on a journey to protect Life, after Death.
5089 | Crazy physics and high-speed races! Craft vehicles cleverly by combining building blocks and mechanical parts to create powerful drivetrains. Unlock new parts, race for the gold, and challenge your friends in multiplayer.
5090 | Hue is a vibrant, award-winning puzzle-adventure, where you alter the world by changing its background colour.
5091 | Joyquarium is a relaxing casual fish-raising game. Buy various cute fry and sell them at a high price after they grow up. With the money you earn, you can purchase aquatic plants, driftwood, scenery stone, etc. to decorate your tank (you can freely adjust the color, size, and position).
5092 | A VR puzzle-automation game. Create intricate clockwork contraptions out of your own clones and restore life to an ancient tree using automation, a collection of rare plants from across the galaxy and a team of clockwork gardeners.
5093 | Aerofly FS 2 Flight Simulator lets you explore the world of flying in a quality never seen before. Fly a large selection of highly detailed aircraft or a helicopter with interactive 3D cockpits. Aerofly FS 2 currently features over 200 airports in the south western USA and global elevation and satellite imagery.
5094 | Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature, players will have to play their best to get as far as possible. Fight on a mysterious planet with randomly spawning enemies and bosses, either alone or with 3 friends in online co-op.
5095 | Action fighting at its extreme! Enter the new beat’em up world of Arad as your favorite character from the beloved Dungeon and Fighter franchise!
5096 | The Blue Bomber is back in this second collection of classic Capcom titles! Featuring faithful reproductions of Mega Man 7, 8, 9, & 10, this collection is bursting with additional content, from time trials and remix challenges to a music player and an extensive gallery of rare illustrations.
5097 | Mayhem Brawler is an urban fantasy themed beat 'em up that brings back the 90s arcade vibe to present day. With comic book style art and kick-ass soundtracks, it offers a unique experience that you can tackle solo or as co-op with friends while defining the next step in the story with your choices.
5098 | The Beach Episode™ of To the Moon, Finding Paradise, and Impostor Factory. But something's off.
5099 | Another chapter of the atmospheric horror series has emerged from the shadows! Eerie sound design and shadowy environments set the stage for gruesome and terrifying ghosts never seen before in the series.
5100 | With this modernized History Edition dive into the diversified mix of enthralling build-up matches and exciting real-time fights. Manifold landscapes await to be explored and populated. Includes the main game plus the two expansions.
5101 | Control the flow of time to solve puzzles in this new version of the indie classic, featuring fully repainted artwork, a new world of puzzles, and seriously in-depth commentary.
5102 | Stan, a professional diver in the North Sea, is struggling to overcome a life-changing loss during an extended mission underwater. Stuck in his self-imposed solitude, he starts to experience strange events and will have to make the most significant choice of his life...
5103 | A new hero rises to challenge the Dealer in Hand of Fate 2! Master a living boardgame of infinitely replayable quests - unlock new cards, build your adventure, then defeat your foes in brutal real-time combat! Draw your cards, play your hand and discover your fate!
5104 | Prison City is a dystopian, action-packed side-scroller with tight mechanics and intricate level design. Battle Techno-Terrorists with your chakram and grenades, eat hot dogs for health, and locate contacts to help take down bosses.
5105 | Going Under is a satirical dungeon crawler about exploring the cursed ruins of failed tech startups. As an unpaid intern in the dystopian city of Neo-Cascadia, you’ll wield office junk as weaponry as you make your way through the offbeat procedural dungeons beneath your company campus.
5106 | Cook, serve and manage your food truck as you dish out hundreds of different foods across war-torn America in this massive sequel to the million-selling series!
5107 | Explore the abandoned levels of Banban’s Kindergarten. Survive the residents of the establishment that was left suspiciously empty. Uncover the truth behind the place, and find the whereabouts of your missing child…
5108 | Join Kim Rip, a Royal Guard whose humanity is gradually slipping away, on a thrilling 2.5D action-adventure platforming journey in 'The Devil Within: Satgat'. Uncover the mysteries of a desolate realm as you engage in stylish battles against formidable foes.
5109 | Are you ready to explore your music collection mapped as a stunning galaxy of wonders? Experience your music collection as never before with this intense music driven twin stick shooter. Each of your songs will have its own unique ebb and flow based on the music.
5110 | After 34 years in the shadows, prepare to see this legendary action adventure in a new light! Looking and playing better than ever before, Shadow of the Ninja - Reborn is Tengo Project’s remake of a cult classic, that the fans have been waiting for.
5111 | Choose your own destiny as you explore an open-world procedurally generated galaxy where anything is possible. Become a miner, a trader, a bounty hunter, a pirate, or perhaps a jack of all trades. Start off small and build your way to the top but remember with every action, comes consequences.
5112 | Easy to learn, hard to survive. Popular board game digital adaptation consulted with real K2 climbers. Choose the right cards for the right moment. Rush to the summit before weather breaks, or set up camps and prepare to push later. Play turn-based strategy with friends, AI or in single-player mode.
5113 | BodyRecords is a chilling horror experience, blending bodycam immersion,microphone sensitivity to your voice, and eerie spaces. Work together with teammates to solve puzzles, evade lurking horrors, and escape. True cooperative play and unsettling atmosphere make every moment a tense challenge.
5114 | Every strike is lethal in this blood-soaked sword fighting game. Slash, clash, parry, dodge and watch limbs fly. Choose your move carefully - the first cut is also the last.
5115 | The fast paced platforming of Freedom Planet returns! Become a full-time cartoon heroine and use abilities and items suited to your play style to explore the world of Avalice and defend its animal citizens!
5116 | Z.O.N.A Project X - thrilling single-player VR shooter. Explore Chornobyl's exclusion zone, a hazardous apocalyptic world filled with anomalies. Survive using your weapons, scavenge for resources, and save humanity from doom.
5117 | Eastern Europe, 2008. War has broken out on the borders of Russia and the fate of the world hangs in the balance. That's when the call goes out for the Ghostsan elite handful of specially trained Green Berets, armed with the latest technology and trained to use the deadliest weapons.
"5118 | Get ready to put a sizable dent in the profits of megacorporations in Deadlink, a guns-blazing cyberpunk FPS with roguelite elements. Your mission is to conduct covert ops while piloting a humanoid combat shell. And no, ""covert"" doesn’t mean ""quiet."""
5119 | Drive, Explore, Operate and Create the railroad of your dreams - and now collaborate in real time with Multiplayer Surveyor! And with Trainz Plus memberships, you get more content, more features and the latest Trainz has to offer!
5120 | Aero GPX is an anti-gravity racer focused on high velocity, flight, machine-to-machine combat, and responsive controls that are easy to pick up but difficult to master. Fight for the best position possible with high speeds, risky maneuvers, and visceral attacks!
5121 | For less than the price of a movie ticket, experience your very own horror-fueled slasher flick in Massacre at the Mirage. Step into The Mirage cinema and face a chilling nightmare, where staff and patrons must survive a masked killer's rampage.
5122 | Unravel the mysteries of death, and find the answers to life.A unique Mystery-Adventure Game:The Centennial Case: A Shijima Story
5123 | FRONT MISSION 1st: Remake is an immersive, tactical turn-based RPG, placing you in command of the awe-inspiring Wanzers – powerful military machines.
5124 | EverQuest® II is the epitome of massively multiplayer gaming - the ultimate blend of deep features, heritage, and community.
5125 | Shoot the wall!   Simple, right? Use your gun to blast your way through the wall, upgrade and change your weapons so you can shoot your way through the wall even faster!  I mean come on, you've gotta know what's behind that wall, right? 4 Parts 4 Walls 4 Endings Free DLC on the way!
5126 | Quantum Odyssey challenges you to program real quantum computers to solve the puzzle of all puzzles. Embark on a mind-bending journey that pushes the boundaries of logic and reality.
5127 | You will experience from absolute Novice to Top Go player, and show your talents in major Go leagues! The game also includes notable Go matches in history for you to explore. The full-dubbing tutorial for beginners will let you appreciate the charm of Go!
5128 | Superfly is a virtual reality action game where you play as the superhero of your dreams. Mix and match twelve unique movement modes to fly through a massive open-world city full of challenges for your movement and combat skills.
5129 | Swing into the ultimate golf adventure with Multiplayer Platform Golf! Enjoy physics-based golfing and 3D platforming in multiplayer matches with up to 12 players. Create and share courses using the level editor and explore endless community maps via Steam Workshop. It’s time to tee off!
5130 | Deep in the mountains, there is said to be a legendary hot spring: called the Spirit Spring. Becoming lost on the way to the spring, you are rescued by a mysterious, reclusive family. But what secrets does this family hide away in their manor?
5131 | Escaped from Liam's obsession, Kate seeks refuge in her grandpa's mansion. Strange occurrences raise questions about Liam's presence or another figure. Unraveling mysterious letters, Kate embarks on a journey, seeking peace.
5132 | Do you have the skill, the moxie, and (most importantly) the FLAPS to be McGoblin Burger’s Greatestest Delivery Gob EVER?? Speed your way through a sadistic gauntlet of hairpin turns, explosions, and other mayhem designed to ruin your run - and don’t forget to SCREAM!
5133 | A 1-4 player co-op survival horror where the horror begins when the shift starts. Clean, organize, and contain dangerous creatures using CCTV, motion sensors, and more. Earn your paycheck, upgrade your tools, and capture them—because no one else will.
5134 | A unique blend of puzzle-solving and action-platforming. Play a lone Shiba Inu charged with commanding massive, marching crowds to the goal in Story Mode, or browse a wide array of user-made levels crafted via the in-game Stage Creator!
5135 | Bigger. Better. Tastier.
5136 | Join Donna, a young wife trying to help her fiance earn enough funds for their wedding. There will be a wide variety of tasks, obstacles, and distractions along the way, but nothing can stand in the way of pure love! Not even a lecherous priest, or demons, and definitely not horses!
5137 | Heads or tails? Coin Flipper is an idle clicker game that is all about flipping lots of coins. Upgrade your coin flips and get even more coins to flip!
5138 | A humorous adventure set in a 3D parody of the internet. Diverse puzzles, beautiful worlds, friends, experiences, upgrades and more, await those who 'log on'!
5139 | Grab your friends and set out for adventure in this cozy, multiplayer, open world RPG! Explore, quest and craft your way through a densely packed open world. Level up 6 different classes and buy land to build and decorate your home to settle down in this medieval fantasy world.
5140 | 2090s America, torn apart by war and corporate greed. A lone traveller stands outside the gates of Cincinnati, greatest of the border cities. How far will you go to make it to the top? How far will you go to fulfil your mission?
5141 | Build a new home for humanity in Aven Colony. Discover Aven Prime - an alien planet of deserts, tundras, and wetlands light years from earth. Build your colonies into massive, sprawling cities whilst dealing with the challenges faced when settling on a new world.
5142 | This is a modern adventure of young adults seeking love and meaning. Return to 2011's Castor Yard, tap on your keyboard, and make those letters dance: Use your online persona to make meaningful decisions for your clients and yourself.
5143 | An intense first person shooter that delivers a twisted and gripping narrative of tragedy, modern crime drama, and supernatural horror.
"5144 | Explore a school plagued by unnatural phenomena in this horror-adventure game revolving around the missing girl Misao. Improving upon 2017's ""Definitive Edition"" with refreshed graphics and support for HD resolutions, you can now experience the terror in a new form."
5145 | ADULT ONLY! This is a unique arthouse project that combines elements of porn, psychological thriller, horror, and musical.
5146 | A historical hexagonal turn-based strategy wargame using markers to represent units designed by the legendary Mark Herman. Throwback to the great hex-based wargames of the 70's and 80's. Solo and online multiplayer modes are supported.
5147 | An award-winning roguelike VR shooter with realistic gunplay & immersive light magic. Ascend the ranks of The Light Brigade to unlock new weapons, upgrades, classes, and abilities as you fight to restore light to the darkness.
5148 | You and allies, avian inhabitants of Sanctree City, build structures and production lines on the tree, crafting weapons to fend off subterranean insects. Defense is just the start—dig deeper, destroy nests, fortify new defenses against escalating threats for an impregnable stronghold.
5149 | Make tasty food items to serve hungry customers in this fast-paced sequel to the amazing food making games Burger Shop 1 & 2!
5150 | ANOMALY WARP Update Out Now! Take control of your parallel selves and explore dark, Sci-Fi worlds. Slash, bash and shoot your way through this unique rogue-lite metroidvania where the only way to save the multiverse is to end it.
5151 | A steampunk-ish detective adventure from the creator of A Golden Wake and Shardlight! Can you help private investigator Miles Fordham find justice for his clients and track down his partner's killer before his entire world comes apart?
"5152 | March 18th, 2061 - ""Operation Downfall"" Commences With its reliance on BAC, humanity had forgotten how to operate even basic transportation, let alone weapons. After the attacks from BAC and the subsequent social chaos, the human population was reduced by half."
5153 | Spiritfall is a fast-paced Action Roguelite with combat inspired by Platform Fighters. Slash, smash, launch, and wall-splat a multitude of enemies using an ever-changing arsenal of divine powers.
5154 | Axel and Hazel are members of the VY Space Program. When the new enemy dubbed Mad Bunny threatens the project, they must fight, as they uncover a hidden conspiracy... CODE Bunny is a 2D-Action Platformer where combat mechanics and high-speed movement merge together!
5155 | Dear candidate, we are pleased to invite you to take up the position of manager of Hell. You will punish sinners by using our deck-building computer system to construct hellish towers capable of keeping the endless hordes of the underworld in check. Best of luck!
5156 | Ancient Warfare: The Han Dynasty is a wargame demonstrating ancient warfare in China and combining elements of Big Strategy, RTS and RPG. You can learn little-known stories of heroes in ancient China by experiencing battles accommodating thousands of soldiers.
5157 | Adventure in a vast open-world survival craft game with your programmable sidekick Grammi! Program the Grammi to collect materials, build your town, craft weapons and armor to challenge strong enemies! Play alone or with friends online!
5158 | Explore a world of creative building, interactive machines, and gears - lots of gears. Build all things mechanical: cars, trucks, cranes, tanks, gearboxes, engines, clocks, anything you can think of. Test your creations to destruction in challenging scenarios, and share them in the workshop!
5159 | What's better than lewd? Overlewd! Collect warriors, challenge bosses, and unlock stories filled with danger, devastatingly stylish battles and the most cultured time. Did you just nut to the plot?
5160 | Oddventure is a lore-rich turn-based crazy RPG set in a cursed fairytale world. Fight your inner demons and reach for the spark of hope, or stare directly into the abyss.
5161 | Host immersive tabletop campaigns in a world imagined entirely by you! Build from the ground up with The RPG Engine, an intuitive virtual tabletop that lets you create unparalleled roleplaying environments for your party to get lost in.
5162 | Just Another Night Shift is a casual competitive 1v1 or 2v2 PvP stealth strategy game. Play as a Thief and as a Security Guard. Steal the statue and try to prevent it in this 3D indie game. Grab a friend and work THE NIGHT SHIFT of your life. Join us for hours of fun gameplay with your friends!
5163 | Manage a game studio from the dawn of the gaming industry in 1976. Your journey starts with small indie titles and grows into a gaming empire. Develop, design, and conquer the industry. From humble beginnings to gaming legend – it’s your story, your studio, your legacy!
5164 | Abalon is a roguelike adventure that fuses tactical turn-based combat and card strategy. Choose your summoner and explore a tabletop world to discover its secrets. Build the perfect deck, outsmart your enemies and become legend!
5165 | [Bober Bros] The Hole is a first-person horror game that explores the cracks in domestic life. Your neighbor’s drilling starts the nightmare, but the holes reveal dark secrets far deeper than any wall could hide. No cheap scares, only disturbing reality.
5166 | REVEIL is a narrative first-person psycho-thriller game that focuses on story, puzzles and exploration. Find out what’s going on inside Walter Thompson and what his dark past at the Nelson Bros Circus has to do with it.
5167 | Race at the speed of sound and beyond in the great XF Extreme Formula championship! Taking place in the year 3000, you will tour trough the solar system proving you’re worthy of the title of champion.
5168 | Survive the world's deadliest psychopaths. Experience a unique 2-player co-op experience that puts your teamwork and communication to the test. Complete your duties alone or with a partner in a prison like no other.
"5169 | Control ""The Nerd"" in a retro-inspired action platformer! It's two games in one, remixed and rebalanced to bring you the ultimate experience of Nerd Rage. Featuring stylized pixel art inspired by classic games, a highly energetic soundtrack, and challenging levels -- plus a special NEW chapter!"
5170 | Take your place on the starting grid and get ready for the most realistic and immersive MotoGP™ videogame ever. Live the most authentic 2-wheels racing experience with the new MotoGP™21!
5171 | Navigate the eerie world of Dreams in the Witch House, a unique blend of point-and-click and RPG-adventure. Unravel occult mysteries in Arkham, maintain your sanity, and survive the May-Eve in this Lovecraftian horror game.
5172 | Humanity Trashed the Earth and left for Mars. Only few remained. EXPLORE the world. Clean the environment, CRAFT with recycled resources. Domesticate animals. Rebuild your village. Restore environment and run your own post-apo FARM as there is No Place Like Home!
"5173 | ""Hypnosis Card 2 Happy Life"" is a card battle game with deck building, introducing a new concept of body parts. Players can interact and battle with many girls through cards of different genres."
5174 | Start a band, and take on the world in this music industry simulation/role-playing game. Success doesn't come without hard work, and making connections in your local music scene is the only path to stardom.
5175 | Dive back into Marl Kingdom through a series of charming stories that concludes the tales of Rhapsody I and Rhapsody II!
5176 | Retro Gadgets is a sandbox where you build, code, and customize gadgets inspired by old-school electronics.
5177 | Ringer reinvents the classic game of marbles with a deckbuilding twist. Discover game breaking synergies and accumulate an ever increasing score in this chill marbles roguelike.
5178 | You find yourself trapped in a mysterious room upon awakening. Surrounding you are sparse pieces of furniture, mannequins, and countless buttons. Can you safely escape this room?
5179 | Build hotels, accommodate guests and expand your hotel business throughout the world!
5180 | Discover the ultimate in character customization. Mold your perfect partner to your exacting specifications, then fall in love—or descend into the deepest depths of carnal desire...
5181 | Fast-paced mecha themed third person shooter.
"5182 | Lead hundreds of ""wise"" little animals to pay tribute to the Cat God!! 7 animal families, 100+ animals, 10+ Cat Gods, 100+ items, and various animal combinations waiting for you to explore!"
5183 | Transport Fever is a railroad-focused tycoon game. Players start in 1850 and build up a thriving transport company. As an emerging transport tycoon, the player constructs stations, airports, harbors and makes money by connecting areas requiring transport services. Build up your own Empire!
5184 | You're the Stranger, a mysterious bounty hunter on a mission to bag the ultimate prize. And you need that money like no one else because there is something very wrong with your health and the only way to fix it is a very costly operation.
5185 | 20XX is a roguelike action platformer that you can play with a friend. Jump and shoot your way through ever-changing levels, collect awesome new powers, and battle mighty bosses in the name of saving the human race maybe!
5186 | Axyz is a retro gravity switching puzzle game that asks the player to use their environmental and spatial awareness to beat every level. Soak in the vaporwave, switch gravity, collect tapes, and more in this tribute to 90s puzzle games.
5187 | Embrace the challenge of a roguelike deckbuilder with unique mechanics from the developers of Faeria and Richard Garfield, creator of Magic: The Gathering™. Build a team of two heroes, unleash powerful combos and defeat the legends of the Roguebook!
5188 | A unique space strategy game where thousands of players participate in one shared galaxy.
"5189 | ""Thermodynamic"" puzzle where Maxwell's demon does work of block-pushing. Deal those hot blocks with cold blocks so that the demon doesn't get burnt."
5190 | Neon lights, palm trees, synthwave, '80s supercars speeding down an endless highway... Welcome to the world of Retrowave!
5191 | Run, jump, and dash across a land inspired by Japanese mythology and untangle the love triangle between three young women on a journey of self discovery. Explore the complicated relationships between kitsune and humans through classic platforming action.
5192 | Shoot, loot and try to escape with your life in this online co-op looter shooter!
5193 | In HunieCam Studio players take control of a sleazy cam girl operation. Rake in stacks of filthy internet money and attract as many disgusting fans as you can in this fast paced, click happy and thoroughly perverted take on the business tycoon / management sim genre!
5194 | In the last two years of my tenure at Kynaston Church, I had to train my adopted daughter, Emily, to be a saint in her own right. However, since she was not appointed by the goddess, she received opposition from the believers. In the end, could she overcome the many difficulties and realize her dream?
5195 | One day in the dream, some one showed up and claimed there is a dream called paradise. From that day, dream demons that can suck human memory and spirit increased. In order to make everything return to its original state, Yoru, who awakened as a demon hunter, decided to challenge the initiator.
5196 | The ultimate training and warmup solution for FPS/TPS players: Aimbeast combines human-like AI and lot of useful scenarios to make you better at all types of shooters in a fast and efficient way. Are you ready to become an Aimbeast?
5197 | Unforeseen Incidents is a classical style interactive mystery set in a beautifully hand-painted world. Join Harper Pendrell and experience a challenging investigation, smart dialog and a rich cast of characters in this thrilling new adventure game.
5198 | Bring kindness and light to the people of Sainte-et-Claire as Lila—a tiny mouse with a big heart! Explore a quaint French village, make electrifying new friends, and do good deeds for those in need in this lush narrative adventure game.
5199 | Mars has been colonized, and Earth's corporate titans fight to dominate this new market. Competition is fierce in this fast-paced economic RTS from Civilization IV Lead Designer, Soren Johnson.
5200 | Amazing Frog? 2 is the next generation of Amazing Frog? A Hardcore Parkour, open world buffet of bonkers physics sandbox ...ness.
5201 | Embark on an epic adventure game fused with a visual novel and a dash of RPG elements. Immerse yourself in a captivating storyline featuring intriguing characters, engaging gameplay, and unique erotic encounters that will leave you breathless.
5202 | MHRD is a hardware design game, in which you design various hardware circuits in a hardware description language. The hardware circuits you design get more complex as you go until you create a fully functional CPU design.
5203 | A fantasy village builder focusing on creative building, colonist psychology and base defense. Handle resources, farming, production, tools, diplomacy, families, trading, defense, and research, as well as the wishes, expectations, thoughts, and equipment of every villager.
5204 | Spelunky is a unique platformer with randomized levels that offer a challenging new experience each time you play. Journey deep underground and explore fantastic places filled with all manner of monsters, traps, and treasure.
5205 | Manage a hotel and hire employees including Death, a dragon, a Demon-Slayer, and a bioroid maid. Build your wealth through various means and refine your strategies based on the predictions of Oracles. Your choices will determine which employees become enamored with you.
5206 | Twilight Struggle is a two-player game where players play as either the US or USSR during the Cold War. Using actual events from history, players must plan out their strategies in order to obtain world dominance. Play Twilight Struggle and change the course of history.
5207 | Femdom University is an Open-World Sim-Game which is all about Femdom. You are a student in a university of dominant females where you have to take care of yourself and survive. You could go out but there are also sexy Monster Girls who try to seduce you too.
5208 | Lead a party of aspiring heroes through a beautifully hand-drawn world and intense battles using only your wits and a handful of cards. Take on whatever threat comes your way by crafting your own deck choosing from over 100 unique punch-cards!
5209 | As the US army's elite special operations soldiers you are the most potent 'smart weapon' known to man. You are the 'tip of the spear' for covert operations around the world — you are the first line of attack. Nothing stands in your way.
5210 | Build bigger and more complex railway networks than ever before! Building on the success of the original, you’ll get more of what you loved about the original and then some. With increasingly difficult and complex challenges from local industries, the Valley has never felt so vast! ALL ABOARD!
5211 | Rusted Moss is a twin-stick shooter metroidvania where you sling around the map with your grapple, blasting your way through witches and rusted machine monstrosities alike. This wasteland once harboring mankind has since fallen, and Fae long forgotten now knock on humanity's door...
5212 | Get closer to the truth than ever in the VR edition of Not For Broadcast. Keep the cameras rolling, censor the swears and immerse yourself in the powerful, alluring and occasionally deadly world of broadcast television news.
5213 | Now Online! Unspottable is a competitive party game. Blend in the crowd of AI characters, hunt down the other players and use the many different environment specific rules to win the game. Walk like a robot and punch like a human!
5214 | Winter Resort Simulator 2 is the extensive simulation of a ski area with all its exciting technical facilities and vehicles.
5215 | Become a Daimyo of the Warring States period of Japanese history in NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION, a historical simulation game of conquest and domination. It is the 30th anniversary of this series and this current release, NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION: Sphere of Influence, is the crown of the series.
5216 | Build a powerful deck, cast spells on the fly, battle evolving enemies, find game-changing artifacts, make friends or make enemies, just make it to Eden.
5217 | Tame monsters! Slay waves of enemy hordes! Explore fantasy lands! Wildkeepers Rising is a whimsical action-RPG roguelite set in a beautiful hand-drawn world that combines the power curve of bullet heaven games with the compulsive fun of a creature collector.
5218 | This is a simulation game with strong erotic elements. You play as an underworld member aiming to earn 10 million yen in 30 days for a promotion. Manage a massage parlor by day, promote it at night, and date other characters. Gameplay includes parlor management and pinball battles.
5219 | Stray Path is an innovative adventure and strategy game that blends FreeCell mechanics with roguelike gameplay. Choose from colourful characters and explore a randomly generated world. Drag cards, optimize your choices, select equipment, and uncover the mysteries of this mysterious stray world!
5220 | Train AI to drive! Create your own neural network and watch it evolve from chaos to mastery with the power of evolutionary algorithms and natural selection. Fine-tune the learning process to craft the ultimate AI driver, and test your creation in campaign challenges or on custom-built tracks.
5221 | BUTCHER is a fast-paced, blood-soaked 2D shooter where carnage is the only way forward. Become a ruthless cyborg tasked with eradicating humanity, leaving nothing but blood, guts, and destruction in your wake. There's no such thing as too much violence in this grim, retro-styled gorefest.
5222 | Farm, sell, learn, repeat. Terracards is a tactical roguelike-deckbuilder where you manage your own farm, You'll utilize animals, crops, and structures through cards, transforming them into valuable resources and wealth with each turn. But beware - deplete your funds, and it's game over.
5223 | Inside Jennifer is an adult, corruption game, with multiple choice routes and endings. As Jennifer’s life unfolds, you’ll have to make decisions that will cause unique and distinct interactions between all characters. Stay loyal, lie, cheat or go wild, the choice is yours.
5224 | A game about father and son riding their bicycle through obstacle courses of death, and other fun family experiences. Created by HakJak
5225 | Jude Gray, a wandering Courier, receives a request to deliver some very special cargo. This cargo turns out to be Philia, an android girl who is unaffected by the enigmatic Singularity Machines.
5226 | Welcome to Aquilon, the legendary city of monster hunters, where dangers and treasures lurk in mysterious dungeons. In this dark and mysterious place, you will take on the role of a young hunter who has just arrived in the city with one goal: to become famous and win the hearts of the local beauties
5227 | In Animal Jam, you can become your favorite animal, collect amazing items, adopt adorable pets, and create a style to express the real you as you explore the beautiful 3D world of Jamaa! 2017 Google Play Awards Winner ★ Best App for Kids
5228 | Modern Casino Tycoon Simulation in full 3D glory. Build the casino. Set the odds. Expand into a luxury hotel/casino or go cheap & extract max profits. Keep the vault secure at all times, and beware of criminals & cheaters!!
5229 | Carefully plan your team's tactics in close quarters battles. Use the timeline to synchronize each door breach, grenade throw and room entry with precision. Watch your team execute your plan autonomously in epic cinematic replays. Take on challenging roguelike campaigns or standalone missions.
5230 | An action platformer with size-changing mechanics. Be quick and nimble or large and in-charge!
5231 | Meet new friends and foes, visit strange lands, and outfit yourself in your quest to keep the entire land from collapsing underfoot! Jump, slash, and dig your way down an ever-changing chasm of mystery in Shovel Knight Dig, an all-new Shovel Knight adventure!
5232 | Banner Saga 3 is the epic conclusion to a sweeping viking saga six years in the making. This strategic RPG, acclaimed for its strong story and compelling characters has won over 20 awards and been nominated for 4 BAFTA awards.
5233 | From multi-award winning Revolution Software comes the latest explosive episode in this classic series. Playing as intrepid American George Stobbart and sassy French journalist Nico Collard, you find yourself on the trail of a stolen painting – and a murderous conspiracy...
5234 | Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is a platforming game of action, puzzles and adventure, and the sequel to the award winning Trine and Trine 2. Reunite with the three heroes in an all-new adventure, now for the first time in full 3D!
5235 | Explore the world of Never Mourn in this rogue-lite action adventure. Death is never the end, merely the beginning of your next adventure. Use ancient necromantic magics to raise an army of undead daemons and do battle to close the rifts of Never Mourn.
5236 | Inspired by old and classic survival horror games, THE MUTE HOUSE combines exploration, management, puzzles and a touch of action. As Emily investigates about her sister's vanishing, she finds herself trapped in a mysterious mansion.
5237 | This is a brand - new strategic auto - chess game that integrates RPG and roguelike elements. In the world of the Grimoire, players can freely create combinations and indulge in endless battles.
5238 | Inkulinati is a turn-based strategy game straight from medieval manuscripts, where a rabbit’s bum can be deadlier than a dog's sword. Become a master of the Living Ink, build your own bestiary, defeat medieval superstars and collect perks to unleash hidden powers.
5239 | One of the few hardcore restaurant sims in existence, Cook, Serve, Delicious! is a deceptively easy game to learn but incredibly challenging to master as you progress through your career from owning a terrible zero star cafe into a five star world famous restaurant.
5240 | Use your bubble-blowing abilities to trap your enemies and conquer a variety of stages in this action-puzzle game! Includes the original arcade game, The Baron is Back expansion, and a new exclusive Workshop Mode only on Steam!
5241 | Be careful not to be captured by the Dark Siren, find the note left by the sailors, uncover the truth, and escape.
5242 | FPV SkyDive is a free-to-play realistic drone racing and freestyle simulator. Feel the adrenaline of high speed first-person view drone racing in single-player or multi-player scenarios. The future is now, become an FPV pilot today!
5243 | The New World lies before you with all its peril, promise and infinite possibility. Your colonists anxiously follow you to shore. The treasures of an entire continent await you.
5244 | It's Mail Time! As a newly trained Mail Scout, put on your pack, grab those letters, and deliver them across Grumblewood Grove! The forest animals eagerly await the sight of your mushroom hat in this cozy, cottagecore light-platformer adventure!
5245 | When The Night Comes is a queer, narrative-driven, supernatural visual novel.
5246 | The Stone of Madness is a real-time tactical stealth game set in an 18th-century Spanish Monastery. Five prisoners pool their skills and resources to face their phobias, stave off insanity, uncover the mysteries of the Monastery, and find a way to escape.
5247 | Manage your laundromat empire in Laundromat Manager Simulator! Upgrade your space, customize your layout, operate machines, and attract customers. Design a welcoming environment and grow your business into the ultimate laundry hub in town!
5248 | Bravery and Greed is a beat 'em up, roguelite, dungeon brawler for up to four players. Choose from four classic fantasy classes, engage in a deep robust combat system, and play a variety of co-operative and competitive game modes with friends via local, online or both. Get rich, or die trying!
5249 | You are lost in the Bermuda Void, where the ocean is endless and dry land precious. Craft your Ship-in-a-Bottle, then experience survival on the high seas. Sail for new land, build camps, hunt for treasures, trade for goods - then defend your ship from dreaded pirates stalking this strange realm!
5250 | Paper Dolls 2 is a first-person horror adventure game. A dark aura emanates from a Qing dynasty dwelling—the Yin Mansion. What happened to the once-famous Yin Family? Clues lead us to its second floor haunted by restless spirits. A truth, buried for over a hundred years, is waiting to be unraveled.
"5251 | ""Touken Ranbu Warriors"" is an action game that is a collaboration between the ""spirits of blades"" simulation game ""Touken Ranbu ONLINE"" presented by DMM GAMES and NITRO PLUS, and the thrilling ""1 vs. 1,000"" WARRIORS series of KOEI TECMO GAMES."
5252 | Absolver is an online multiplayer combat game where players are placed behind the mask of a Prospect under control of the Guides, the new rulers of the fallen Adal Empire, who will determine your worth in joining their elite corps of Absolvers.
5253 | Realm of Ink is an Ink-style action Roguelite game. While pursuing the Fox Demon, the swordswoman Red, unexpectedly finds that her life is dictated by the 'destiny' within the world of the book. Only by breaking free can she unveil the truth of her existence and challenge the constraints of fate.
5254 | Of Life and Land is a charming settlement-building strategy game paired with a rich simulation experience. Every animal and plant strives to find its place in nature while you lead your villagers to their future. Expand to different regions and trade with local factions to gain needed resources.
5255 | Welcome to the laboratory! Here tests are taken upon highly durable human clones using newest weapon technologies. Your goal is to head these tests.
5256 | Join the Hunter's Academy and face thrilling challenges, make new friends and enemies, and experience love and romance with multiple girls, including your MOTHER AND SISTERS. This game features lots and lots of impregnation and breeding dirty talk, so if that's your thing you'll love it.
5257 | Explore the island, meet 14 sexy monster girls, and let their charms pull you in. Build your harem and take things further. maybe impregnate them!
5258 | Ever wanted to get drunk, play football (soccer), and not worry about the medical bill later? Do you hate animation and love physics? Then here's some physics-based sports action for you and your friends. Play locally or remotely. Move your feet, but don't break the sticks on your controller.
5259 | A cozy, relaxing puzzle game all about cats. Solve brain-twisting logic clues to sort picky cats into their favorite boxes. Unlock stickers as you play to use in your Sticker-book to create your own cute cuddly cat scenes!
"5260 | The latest iteration of the 10th anniversary ""SAMURAI WARRIORS"" series is here at last! Naomasa Ii appears as a playable character for the first time, and the various personalities of the age are explored in more depth in ""Story Mode"", which is now focused on individual characters."
5261 | Valiant Hearts : The Great War is the story of 4 crossed destinies and a broken love in a world torn apart. Dive into a 2D animated comic book adventure, mixing exploration, action and puzzles. Lost in the middle of the trenches, play as each of the 4 strangers, relive the War and help a young German soldier find his love.
"5262 | ""A story of two girls fulfilling their wishes."" The ""Dusk"" series, a trilogy of RPG titles from Gust's popular Atelier series, tells the story of a world on the verge ruin, told from the perspective of its unique characters. The 3rd title in the series ""Atelier Shallie"" is now available as a deluxe version."
5263 | Kemono Girl RPG has topped the free download list on App Store and Google Play in multiple countries or regions! Embark on a journey with 10 million players worldwide in a post-apocalyptic exploration, and stand alongside charming Kemono girls! Enjoy a time-saving and relaxing card battle!
5264 | Build your own dream team with Cricket Captain 2024. New commentary from Daniel Norcross tells the story of your matches. Honours boards showing every international century and five-wicket hall across all formats at every ground. Score predictor helps you manage your matches.
5265 | This critically acclaimed first-person RPG from Arkane Studios takes the player on an amazing journey into the fantasy world of Arx. Arx is wrought with turmoil, brought to the brink of destruction by a violent war.
"5266 | ""Pool Cleaning Simulator is a PowerWash Simulator-esque cleaning game where you use a variety of tools to make filthy pools sparkling clean."" The game recreates the entire process of cleaning, scrubbing, & maintaining various pools, from luxurious backyard havens to community swimming complexes."
5267 | SIX FRUITS BARE THEIR FANGS AT THE WORLD. --The academy was their orchard. In this place of learning, protected by high walls from the outside world, there arrived a single young man who'd lost his purpose in life. He'd lost sight of what he wanted to protect.
5268 | The prequel to Road 96. Play Zoe and Kaito where it all started. Change their destinies!
"5269 | ""Blades of Jianghu: Ballad of Wind and Dust"" is a single-player game that combines text adventure with turn-based combat and exploration. As someone aspiring to become a great hero, your journey through the martial arts world will not always be a solo endeavor."
5270 | Go behind enemy lines with the ultimate modern military shooter. Play as an American sniper dropped in Georgia, near Russian border. Choose your own path to accomplish your missions across an unforgiving open world.
5271 | Refence is a roguelite based idle defense game, where you can choose heroes and their traits, upgrade your castle, and manage resources to fend off enemies from the Demon Realm who are trying to attack your castle.
5272 | World's first RPG in which all entities are AI-generated and all game mechanics are AI-directed.
5273 | Playtime's over. Time for despair. Experience the definitive version of a masterpiece in the Muv-Luv trilogy's thrilling conclusion. Note: therapy not included.
5274 | A 2D action game featuring a young man with the power of lightning who stands for freedom against the evil ambitions of a massive organization. When lightning strikes, a new legend is born.
5275 | Hey human, we've got problems! This town is crawling with troublesome spirits, and you're the only one who can see them. You'd better get that old bathhouse up and running, maybe that'll help them chill out!
5276 | A unique RPG where the villain randomizes the world with each defeat. Start with a classic RPG experience, then delve into shifting worlds where the overworld, items, and enemies shuffle, creating new challenges. Conquer these worlds to unravel the story and make your way to the final showdown!
5277 | Create and control the business empire of your dreams. This in-depth strategy game covers almost every aspect of business that could be encountered in the real world.
5278 | Explore higher dimensions... with golf! Conquer mind-bending challenges, design your own 4D courses, and unlock new worlds and accessories as you golf your way through the 4th dimension and beyond!
5279 | Slice them, burn them, skewer them, and launch them - no matter how you get it done, orcs must die in this fantasy action-strategy game from Robot Entertainment.
5280 | MWNeus revolves around a single love interest: your childhood friend, who hides a secret yet to be revealed.
5281 | The rats told me to make this game. Run and gun alongside your troops in the Great Rat War against the vile TechnoRat armies. Recruit units, build structures, collect gear and upgrade your weapons to turn the tide of battle in your favor. The TechnoRat is all consuming!
5282 | Whispers of the Eyeless is a dark fantasy strategy RPG where you build a cult, harness forbidden powers, and cling to your sanity. Command disciples, outwit enemies in tactical turn-based auto battler, and shape the fate of Aranthor as you awaken the Dead Gods — Wrath, Desire, and Madness.
5283 | Become an apprentice of the famous Leonardo da Vinci. Solve handcrafted mechanical 3D puzzles and discover hidden secrets. Navigate through mesmerizing environments of the Italian Renaissance. Travel through time to influence your surroundings.
5284 | Dream up the ultimate Minifigure brawlers and bash your way through all of your favorite LEGO® themes in the first team action brawler set in the LEGO universe. Play with friends at home or around the world and see how you stack up against the competition.
5285 | You’re a machine learning specialist who makes neural networks but your cat seems to be better at it. Now you must solve puzzles to build a cat-to-human translation system (who knows what else this cat is capable of!). Earn a fortune, buy kickass cat outfits, learn how machine learning really works!
5286 | Rei, the agent, must infiltrate the factory to rescue those missing women! Once defeated, everyone knows the fate of female agents, right?
5287 | Retro game fans rejoice! NEOGEO POCKET COLOR SELECTION VOL.1 Steam Edition is SNK's legendary handheld console dream collection, containing 10 handheld defining classics, is coming to Steam!
5288 | Unravel a thrilling mystery by exploring a strange and twisted mansion, discovering curious clues, interrogating peculiar suspects and solving unique puzzles. Will you be able to uncover the secrets of Tangle Tower?
5289 | Immerse in a thrilling adult-only journey packed with sensual magic. Encounter an array of sultry witches, engage in steamy spells, and experience bold, erotic escapades. Each choice leads to intense, passionate adventures in a bewitching realm
5290 | Pirates ahead! The pirate girls on Skull Island have yet to witness the true extent of your prowess, Captain. Can you conquer them one by one with your ❤SKILLS❤ and plunder that precious treasure onto your ship?
5291 | Wattam is a game about the joys of friendship and discovery, from the imagination of Keita Takahashi (creator of Katamari Damacy and Noby Noby Boy) and developer Funomena.
5292 | A deck-building roguelike game with unique semi-real-time combat system. Step into the shoes of an ancient gladiator and do your best to survive in the coliseum. Combine various skills and equipment, develop your own fighting style, and defeat all the enemies to become the next champion!
5293 | Master high-skilled combat to uncover the secrets of an ancient, interconnected world.
5294 | Uncover the dark secrets of the secluded Carpathian village while engaging in passionate romance along the way in this interactive visual novel / adventure game hybrid with a gothic horror theme.
5295 | Crawl is the local multiplayer dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters! Battle through dungeons and power up your hero - if a friend kills you they take your place and it’s their turn to crawl. It's a race to gain enough XP and loot to take on the hulking final boss!
5296 | Withering Rooms is a challenging 2.5D horror RPG set in a procedurally generated Victorian mansion that changes each night. Explore Mostyn House to collect the perfect items for your build and face a huge cast of overgrown undead, invisible ghosts, devious witches, and more.
5297 | From the THIEF SIMULATOR developers. It's the 80s. Steal VCRs, tapes, classic cars, and if you get caught, outrun the police!
5298 | A story-driven, first-person adventure game offering a cinematic experience. Embark on a journey to HaustVille, an abandoned settlement in a post-apocalyptic world. Explore your surroundings and uncover the mystery behind the disappearance of the last survivors.
5299 | Answer the call from a mining base on Mars as engineer Jack Leary and search for the missing crew. Fort Solis will immerse you with cinematic visuals powered by UE 5 and voice acting of Roger Clark and Troy Baker. Explore the mining complex and reach climax of this narrative thriller experience.
5300 | Soulash 2 is a sandbox RPG roguelike with a procedurally generated open world, simulated history, skill-based progression system, customizable abilities, material-based crafting, building, trading, and the possibility of total mayhem. Will you save your world or destroy it?
5301 | On the moon Europa, a lush terraformed paradise in Jupiter’s shadow, an android named Zee sets out in search of answers. Run, glide and fly across the landscape, solve mysteries in the ruins of a fallen utopia, and discover the story of the last human alive.
5302 | Echo of Starsong is a visual novel style adventure game. Eda, a girl who can hear mysterious sound waves known as starsong, crosses paths with a young man in search of their source. Together, they venture out to the heart of space to unravel an ancient myth.
5303 | About half a year before the opening of the patisserie, La Soleil where the catgirls work with Kashou. Back when Chocola and Vanilla were still kittens when they first arrived at the Minaduki household and before they opened up to the other catgirls.
5304 | A horror game about claustrophobia. During a storm your service dog is forced down a broken sewer drain. You find the nearest sewer entrance and run in after it. Along the way you will meet others that are also stricken by abnormal or psychological fear.
5305 | Welcome to Dreamland! A town which hosts the wildest college spring break activities filled with hot girls, parties and sex. However, if you look close enough, you'll discover that Dreamland also hides a dark and horrifying mystery which haunts you and your friends...
5306 | In this hack 'n' slash adventure co-developed with Tamsoft and Compile Heart, the 4 Goddesses enter an online fantasy game inspired by... themselves! Choose from 12 characters with unique playstyles and skills to fight in realtime brawls, customize with accessories, and play online with others!
5307 | Magic Cock ☆ Holy Descent! Let me use this Magic Cock given to me by the Goddess to teach you Isekai women a lesson!
5308 | A strange and twisted world...Harvester! The most violent adventure game of all time comes to Steam!
5309 | Piece by piece, create your own world in this relaxing Wild West-inspired worldbuilder. Craft, farm, hunt, build your base, and explore.
5310 | The Longest Journey is an amazing graphical adventure, where the player controls the protagonist, April Ryan, on her journey between parallel universes.
5311 | Foster a sanctuary for frogs and restore the biodiversity of the wetlands in Kamaeru, a cozy frog collecting game, where you take pictures of frogs, play mini-games and decorate your habitat. Hop right to it!
5312 | A New Wizardry for a New GenerationThe universe is in the throes of violent upheaval and change. Vast and mysterious forces are preparing for the final confrontation. A small group of heroes from distant lands must plunge into the heart of the maelstrom, to uncover long-forgotten secrets, and bring about a new era.
5313 | In Harem in Another World, you play as your normal everyday pervert, who is suddenly transported to another world. Explore this open and mysterious place through different lands to try and find your lost friends. Meet all manner of people and characters, from ghosts, to goblins, to giants and more!
5314 | Slaughter the ghouls to save the girls! Build up your love nest and woo four heroines as you fight to survive a ruined zombie hellscape! A one-of-a-kind Post apocalyptic FPS dating sim game filled with intense zombie killing action and lusty romance!
5315 | Raven Shield:Command an elite multinational squad of special operatives against hidden terrorist forces. In Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3: Raven Shield, the third installment to the wildly popular Rainbow Six series, Team Rainbow faces the hidden global forces of a new and secretive foe.
5316 | A handmade action/adventure game based on the rich folklore of the Scottish Borders.
5317 | The Bookwalker is a narrative adventure in which you play as Etienne Quist, a writer-turned-thief with the ability to dive into books. Use your powers to journey between reality and book worlds, and steal legendary items like Thor's Hammer and Excalibur to restore your ability to write.
5318 | Spellmasons is a magical, tactical roguelike where you customize your spells to survive. Play solo or team up with your friends in online multiplayer, and explore a deep magic system where clever combinations yield powerfully satisfying results!
5319 | Get ready for a thrilling underwater adventure with classic point-and-click gameplay. Explore with three characters simultaneously. Featuring atmospheric isometric graphics, rendered video, and a soundtrack by Mark Morgan, BONE TOTEM takes you on a journey to hidden places deep below the waves...
5320 | Welcome to Balethorn Manor, where five maids are waiting to serve your every need and desire. By the day, talk to your maids, fall in love, and make love. By night, dive into an expansive dungeon system and collect untold riches to level your maids and upgrade the manor!
5321 | Explore a vast and detailed world and build a Transportation Empire!
5322 | The non-PC buxom shinobi of SENRAN KAGURA, the brawler series that’s as over-the-top with its fighting mechanics as it is with its gratuitous depictions of female ninja in various forms of undress, invade the PC realm for the first time in HD and 60fps glory.
5323 | Are you prepared for a thrilling toy army tower defense adventure? Welcome to the Toy Shire! Battle diverse foes in various locations, defend your family, and repel foes from your area. Save the world by strengthening your defense with toy towers!
5324 | Legends Unite! The Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin join other famous super heroes from the DC Universe including Superman, Wonder Woman and Green Lantern to save Gotham City from destruction at the hands of the notorious villains Lex Luthor and the Joker.
5325 | Fork Road is a first-person immersive atmospheric game with new gameplay , Be prepared to face fears you've never faced before
5326 | The Fabulous Fear Machine is a narrative-driven strategy game with a pulp horror style. As the Machine's new Master, you must sow fear and expand your influence by creating Legends, harvesting resources, manipulating events, and spying on your enemies.
5327 | DigDigDrill is an underground mining and resource collecting game. Dig freely for minerals and treasures. Use the items you collect to forge your original drills in a hack-and-slash style equipment system.
5328 | The Zachtronics Solitaire Collection is here! Inside you will find all seven Zachtronics solitaire games, updated with new 4K graphics, plus one brand new Tarot-themed solitaire variant only available here.
5329 | A little boy falls asleep to a horrible nightmare. Can you make him happy again?
5330 | Miniatures is a collection of strange tales where childhood imagination and reality merge with darker undercurrents of mystery and magic. Explore a vast seascape, build odd furniture, feed a lizard and play with sand castles.
5331 | Red Matter 2 is an immersive, puzzle-adventure game that will transport you to the far reaches of space. Step into the shoes of Sasha, an agent awakened in a lunar base by an undercover operative and tasked with uncovering the secrets of the mysterious Red Matter.
5332 | Roguelike Squad-based Autobattler in a Tabletop RPG setting. Draft your army, carefully equip and position your units, make important choices, and meet a colorful cast of characters as you make ready for the Grand Tournament.
5333 | Serve up food, drinks, and smiles in this retro cafe management sim!
5334 | Shantae is back in an all-new tropical adventure! In her fifth outing, the Half-Genie hero gains new Fusion Magic abilities to explore a vast sunken city, makes new Half-Genie friends, and battles the Seven Sirens in her biggest, most thrilling quest yet!
5335 | Conversation is a dangerous game. Manipulate a fractured band of renegade divers to reach the depths of this short narrative puzzle. Uncover alliances and expose betrayals — before something horrific from the dark abyss silences you all. Don’t let the conversation get too deep.
5336 | Join 20+ million players in Rogue Company, the ultimate third-person tactical action shooter! Become an agent of Rogue Company and wield powerful weapons, high-tech gadgets, and game-changing abilities. Accept the mission and jump into a variety of 4v4 and 6v6 game modes. Play FREE today!
5337 | Become a member of the highly anticipated sequel of the co-op sci-fi show. Gather a team of four friends. The more partners the more chances to survive. Find your way out in a deadly new room complex filled with even more sophisticated traps.
5338 | Personal Study is an adult plot-driven adventure game with variety of puzzles mechanics, set in mysterious dungeons of The University of Arcane Arts.
5339 | A thrilling new storyline, hordes of creepy enemies, serious firepower and beautiful Arizona locations, combined with a fun and challenging new game mode!
5340 | Q.U.B.E. 2 is the sequel to the hit first-person puzzle game Q.U.B.E. You are Amelia Cross, a stranded archaeologist who has awoken among the ruins of an ancient alien landscape. With the distant help of another survivor you must solve the puzzles of this mysterious world and find a way back home.
5341 | Live the 4th Great Ninja War and its overpowering boss fights or defy your friends in ultra dynamic online and offline ninja confrontations!
5342 | Stormgate is a free-to-play RTS in active development. Featuring competitive 1v1, 3P co-op missions, and an evolving campaign, Frost Giant aims to build the next great RTS, guided by player feedback. A 3v3 mode is also on the way, so join our development journey today!
5343 | Fresh Story is a visual novel about one girl's difficult journey. She will face difficulties and hard decisions to achieve a peaceful life as she dreamed.Diana came from the suburbs to the big city to achieve success and a happy life with her boyfriend Vlad.
5344 | Discover some of the most charming and challenging souslike bosses in Frogmonster, a Metroidvania FPS adventure where you explore a lively world filled with creatures, bugs, and beasts.
5345 | An investigation of a secret film studio underneath their school has led 3 students down an estranged rabbit hole. With the fixed-camera as your weapon, shine a light on the truth and save your friends.
5346 | Continue your adventures on Tuvatuva island in a sultry 2D point-and-click adventure where romance blooms, puzzles are solved, and passion ignites in paradise.
5347 | In this 2D puzzle game you have the responsibility to arrange your feline friends in a way that fits the grid. Cats Organized Neatly comes with 80 different handcrafted levels and a whole bunch of cats in all shapes and sizes.
5348 | CHANGE is an award nominated homeless survival experience set in a randomly created city with rogue-like elements. Explore, survive, earn perks, find items & kindness to develop your character & escape to a new life. Over 7 years of development & over 200 updates so far!
5349 | Star Renegades is a dimension spanning rogue-lite strategy RPG. Outsmart uniquely generated adversaries, forge bonds between heroes and end the cycle!
5350 | Ever just tired of it all? Ready for change? Wanna bet it all on sheer mayhem and destruction? In comes Maniac, a rogue-lite crime action game in which the world goes against you, and your insanity creates chaos!
5351 | The sudden madness of an old friend from the Lost Lands forces Susan, who has long since retired, to return to her old adventures. “Lost Lands X” is an adventure game in the genre of Hidden Objects, with plenty of mini-games and puzzles, unforgettable characters and complicated quests.
5352 | Your girlfriend has lost her memory and now is clueless about who you are. Isn’t it the perfect opportunity to relive all the best memories and create them once again? Explore each other in a mix of a dating sim, a life sim and a visual novel that is SEX Amnesia 🔞!
5353 | You will see the creation of new lives... Capture enemies and fire them back at their allies as enormous beams of energy in this horizontally scrolling shooting game, featuring 5 versions of G-Darius with new features, enhancements, and Steam exclusive extras!
5354 | An anthology series that serves as a Corpse Party sequel, prequel, midquel, and alternate universe tale all in one. Rejoin old friends for a deeper dive into the haunted halls of Heavenly Host Elementary...
5355 | In Sound Mind is an imaginative first-person psychological horror with frenetic puzzles, unique boss fights, and original music by The Living Tombstone. Journey within the inner workings of the one place you can’t seem to escape—your own mind.
5356 | Tools Up! Ultimate Edition is a chaos-filled, local couch-coop extravaganza, all about renovating homes and the outdoors. It comes with all updates, content, and DLC in one package, supporting up to 4 players.
5357 | An adorable puzzle game about being a monster and making snowmen.
"5358 | Take control of Lara and her new partner Totec, a Mayan tribesman, and uncover the ancient artifact known as the ""Mirror of Smoke"" in this all new action adventure game."
5359 | Umihara Kawase is a girl who uses a fishing hook as a grappling hook. You’ll need quick reflexes to swing your way through the branching surreal environments. Use your brains to figure out the best way through. They say fish is brain food—you’re going to need it!
5360 | Search for hidden folks in hand-drawn, interactive, miniature landscapes. Unfurl tent flaps, cut through bushes, slam doors, and poke some crocodiles! Rooooaaaarrrr!!!!!
5361 | AO Tennis 2 is the only tennis experience designed for and by its community. Create your own players, stadiums and legendary matches. Enter the competition to reach the top of world tennis in Career Mode.
5362 | First Class Trouble is a party game where players must work together and against each other to survive a disaster. The goal is to shut down a deadly A.I. Some players are impostors, secretly playing as human-looking killer robots intent on betraying the other players.
5363 | Inspired by Allison Road. SUPERNORMAL is a psychological horror game set in a seemingly ordinary apartment harboring dark secrets. Play as Detective Wyatt, tasked with unravelling the disappearance of Masato Sakamoto's daughter. Search for clues and unravel the sinister truth.
5364 | As Humanity’s last hope, lead your army to combat in an intricate dance of spectacular actions and counters, using an original Dynamic Timeline System, and face fearsome bosses in epic battles.
5365 | Shadowrun: Hong Kong - Extended Edition is the capstone title in Harebrained Schemes' Shadowrun series - and now includes the all-new, 6+ hr Shadows of Hong Kong Bonus Campaign. Experience the most impressive Shadowrun RPG yet, hailed as one of the best cRPG / strategy games of 2015!
5366 | It’s 1930. After an inadvertent brush with the mafia, cabdriver Tommy Angelo is reluctantly thrust into the world of organized crime. Initially, he is uneasy about falling in with the Salieri family, but soon the rewards become too big to ignore.
5367 | Stellar Settlers is a chill space base/city builder and colony sim game. With unique vertical and horizontal base-building gameplay, settle on 10 hostile alien planets and build your own thriving colony. Get enough materials to build a physics-based Spaceship and try to escape from disasters.
5368 | Arcane Lust 18+ is a visual novel-simulator where you must survive 10 days with Aelin, a malfunctioning fox-girl android. Manage her emotions, uncover the park's secrets, and make choices that shape your fate. A mix of futuristic thrills, fantasy vibes, and spicy adult content awaits!
5369 | The latest edition of the ultrarealistic world simulator where you play as the Head of State or as the opposition! New Additions: dive deeper into the war in the Ukraine with artillery, trenches, mines, troop morale, etc; detailed immigration management; the justice system; and children.
5370 | The Doors of Trithius is an open-world RPG roguelike. Engage in tactical turn-based combat in a living world of warring factions, wandering behemoths, and ancient magic. Level your skills, cook, craft, and explore dungeons. Will you follow the story, or let adventure be your guide?
5371 | A tactical turn-based strategy game inspired by events and stories of forgotten and unsung heroes of WW2. Unique and new-to-genre features offer immersion and deeper protagonists to lead and care for. Lead the resistance against the Axis Forces.
5372 | Humor-filled indie adventure game created by the makers of Machinarium and Samorost.
5373 | RAGE 2 brings together two studio powerhouses – Avalanche Studios, masters of open world insanity, and id Software, creators of the first-person shooter – to deliver a carnival of carnage where you can go anywhere, shoot anything, and explode everything.
5374 | With your hunting dog by your side, explore the Texan desert and forests of Colorado and Europe as you track down 33 animal species. Choose your gear from over 160 official weapons, accessories and clothing items (including Browning, Winchester and Bushnell).
5375 | Fallen takes you on an adventure with Makina into the Ruins of Gardona. What fate awaits Makina and her friends on their travels as they descend further into the ruins? Find out in this JRPG classic!
5376 | Explore the ruins, dungeons, and islands in this post-apocalyptic world through the POV of eight protagonists as they fight for survival and search for meaning in their never-ending cycles of life and death.
5377 | Gujian 3 is a mass 3D single-person RPG developed by Aurogon Info & Tech (Shanghai), a subsidiary of Wangyuan Shengtang. As the latest hit of the Gujian series, it boasts more free and smooth combat experience with its full real-time combat system. This generation expands the world of Gujian based on previous works.
5378 | In Dominions 5 you take control of a powerful being that rules a nation and aspires to godhood. The type of Pretender Gods can vary from magically powerful arch mages to huge titans or large monuments. Dominions is a deep 4x turn based strategy game with a very large variety of spells and units.
5379 | Create and customize cities in Nebuchadnezzar, a classic isometric city-builder where careful planning and define your rise as a ruler in ancient Mesopotamia.
5380 | In Tyrion Cuthbert: Attorney of the Arcane, you play as a defense attorney who practices law in a world of fantasy and wizards. You must defend clients accused of various crimes committed using magic and use the rules of magic to prove them innocent.
5381 | Immerse yourself in a voxel game exclusively designed for VR. A beautiful infinite procedural world. Explore, gather resources, craft with your hands in 3D, and build anything you can imagine. Featuring great VR controls, near-infinite view distance, Steam Workshop mod support, and much more!
5382 | In this detective RPG, you untangle a thick web of intrigues, lies, and secrets that surround a mysterious death. Find the origin of eerie telegraph signals, question the villagers, decipher the strange symbols that are suddenly appearing all over town - and hide from the danger lurking in the moor.
5383 | Jump into the ultimate toy sandbox and build the train set of your dreams! Create colourful railway systems, decorate beautiful towns, transport commuting passengers, and even ride your train in first-person.
5384 | In this choice-driven sci-fi adult Visual Novel, you'll take the role of aspiring captain of the spaceship! Explore the universe, with all its mysteries, danger and pleasures!
5385 | Work hard and you may reach the top of the video game industry!
5386 | In Toy Story 3: The Video Game help Buzz, Woody and the rest of the Toys ensure no toy gets left behind. Dive into all new heroic adventures in Story Mode or let your imagination run wild in the exiting new open world of Toy Box Mode! Come and play to infinity…and beyond!
5387 | Firefight is a World War II real-time simulation game similar in style to the old Close Combat series but brought up to date with better AI, individual soldier modelling, a faster frame rate to give more intense and realistic combat and an easy to use command interface.
5388 | Mob factory is an tower defense and automation game for the lazy adventurer. Smelt down enemy loot into turrets & factories to automate an ever expanding dungeon from the comfort of your tower.
5389 | Dodge and carve your way through swarms of terrifying sea creatures controlled by Death, a vicious giant mind-controlling Kraken that haunts your every move. Scavenge for hidden treasure to unlock weapons, and upgrades to help you in your fight for survival. Every dive reveals a new nightmare.
5390 | Dance, dance, and dance some more! A kawaii side-scrolling dance battle for the new age! Control the mysterious girl Toaka and save the world from destruction!
5391 | Help her heart battle tough bosses in this Boss Rush, Bullet-hell with rogue-like elements. Fight through several randomly chosen boss battles leading up to a final battle. Each defeated monster will give her random gifts that power up her heart. Don't let her heart break!
5392 | A money-focused life simulator. Create characters with allergies and addictions. Manage their lives through financial booms and busts. Advance their careers, start a small business, invest in real estate and stocks - or roleplay a penniless hobo.
5393 | Ragtag crew? Check. Musical gear? Check. Tour bus and robot driver? Check. Stolen package? Check! Embark on a perilous road-trip across a Divided States of America. Use the power of words to shape relationships with your crew, get out of trouble and reach your final destination.
5394 | Take control of SNK’s most iconic female characters and battle it out in this crazy tag fighting game featuring a plethora of cute costumes and accessories! With one button special moves and a deep but simplified combo system this is a great game for fighting game fans and newcomers alike!
"5395 | This is a xiuzhen simulation placement game! From the refining of qi, building the foundation to the ascension of the celestial realm, crossed into the divine realm. （The game has been updated with the english mod, but you will need to select the ""english"" beta in the properties option to update it）"
5396 | Rogue Heroes is a topdown, roguelite adventure game inspired by the Zelda franchise. Play solo or team up with your friends to combat procedurally generated dungeons and take down the evil Titans that threaten to overwhelm the land of Tasos!
5397 | SpellForce 3 - The perfect blend between RTS and RPG!
5398 | Use real Python code to automate machines, robots, drones and more: Program self-driving vehicles; crack passwords; apply machine learning; automate logistics; use image processing to guide missiles. Gain real coding skills and solve exciting bite-sized programming challenges.
5399 | Complete the exciting Mega Man X saga with four action-packed titles! This collection showcases the evolution of the series with Mega Man X5, Mega Man X6, Mega Man X7, and Mega Man X8. Test your skills in the new X Challenge mode, which pits players against two deadly bosses at once.
5400 | HEXAROMA is a charming village builder set on a tiny island village where you start your Hexling colony! Place your buildings, and manage Hexling villagers on a hexagonal island. Plan your placements wisely, grow your settlement, optimize your colony and help your villagers thrive.
5401 | Serious Sam 3: BFE is a prequel to the original indie fast action FPS and Game of the Year sensation - Serious Sam: The First Encounter!
5402 | Embark on a journey across Elysium, battling fierce foes and exploring mysterious lands. Engage in over one hundred steamy encounters with monster girls while uncovering a mysterious plot spanning millennia. Get ready for an unforgettable journey filled with action, adventure, and romance!
5403 | Enjoy seamless, action-packed real-time battles using a combination of sword skills, sacred arts, and your favorite SAO characters!
5404 | The lines between good and bad have been blurred and crime and terror run rampant in the streets. The alleys, rooftops and sewers are crawling with criminals and brutal gangs. And now, Underboss — in a daring escape — has broken out of prison and is ruling with vicious darkness.
5405 | Tactic Boxing is a boxing game with ragdoll physics, local multiplayer, career mode and manager mode.
5406 | Build your fleet and face the alien terror from the deep! Now it’s up to you alone to stop an alien invasion from the depths of the ocean in this legendary, home computer era shoot ‘em up dredged up and faithfully rebuilt for modern platforms – X-Out: Resurfaced!
5407 | Casino Simulator Expand Your Casino From Scratch, Hire Employees, Customize It, Gamble, Enjoy Your Own Casino
5408 | Step into the Arena. Compete against players from around the world in this fast-paced shooter that combines the dark mythos of the original Quake with the skill-based competition of Quake III Arena. Become a Champion.
5409 | Metal Wolf Chaos XD is a modernized re-release of FromSoftware's 2004 mech shooter with upgraded visual fidelity, refined controls and gameplay, a new save system, and 4K + 16:9 support for modern displays.
5410 | The Slaverian Trucker is a Survival/Truck/Life simulator game. Make enough money to survive and expand your wealth in the harsh semi-post apocalyptic lands of Slaveria, doing legal and illegal work, while maintaining, fixing, building, repairing, tuning your trucks, cars and other vehicles.
5411 | Enishia is a simple nun and the sole manager of the last church in Megista. However, she must pay off a mountain of debt to prevent the demolition of the church and its attached orphanage. How can she make the money she needs?
5412 | Legend tells of a door deep below Tokyo's sewers. All who enter are lost forever. Detective Ito's partner is missing. Explore Tokyo & uncover the darkness that lays beneath the streets in this Point & Click - meets Visual Novel - narrative adventure that questions the very core of Ito's sanity.
5413 | Surf the waters of a submerged city! Unravel the past, save the islanders from mysterious sea monsters and discover secrets hidden under the surface.
5414 | Control your hands and destroy friendships in this physics-based couch/online fighting game. Use your elastic arms to swing, slingshot, and parkour around the highly dynamic maps. Wield powerful weapons or use your bare fists to bonk your opponents!
"5415 | The Neverwhere Tales - Book 1 is a story-driven Adult Visual Novel. The story takes place in an urban fantasy setting and combines a modern world with fantasy elements. Book 1 is the story of Alexander Callister and how he learns about this hidden world called ""Neverwhere."""
5416 | Silent North thrusts you into the Swiss Alps, battling the elements, Infected, and other players. Fight solo or team up, scavenging gear and essentials. Intense PVPVE action ensures constant danger. Adapt, be resilient, and survive in this unpredictable, ever-changing landscape
5417 | Space Hulk: Tactics is a faithful adaptation of the board game Space Hulk, set in the Warhammer 40,000 universe, bringing a unique twist to the cult classic formula. Engage in bloody battles as either a squad of Terminator Space Marines or the deadly alien Genestealers.
5418 | Calico is a day-in-the-life community sim game where you are given an important and adorable task: rebuild the town’s cat café and fill it with cute and cuddly creatures! Build up your café by filling it with cute furniture, fun decorations, yummy pastries, and get it bustling with animals again!
5419 | Build your own buggy. Obtain, maintain and tune your OHV car. A game set in Poland in the 90s.
5420 | For the first time ever, Soul Nomad & the World Eaters is coming to Steam! With unique gameplay mechanics, memorable characters, and up-scaled artwork, this is a must-have for Strategy RPG fans and NIS fans alike!
5421 | Monitor camera feeds, report valuable info, and hand-deliver shady packages. An hourly quota of reports will test your keen eye to spot the differences, while timed deliveries will force you outside unexpectedly. Until you clock out for the night almost nowhere is safe.
5422 | Gather herbs and brew powerful potions as you travel a magical world and forge a party of intriguing companions to defeat the demon lord in this cozy fantasy adventure game!
5423 | Design, build, and manage a high school with terrific teachers and fantastic facilities or simply let your students poop in the bushes? Academia : School Simulator is a management/tycoon game where you get to decide!
5424 | Legendary board game classic from award winning designer Vlaada Chvátil
5425 | Kukoro: Stream chat games is a collection of +20 games, from 2D shooters to tactical RPG mini-games, with a high engage for your Twitch community. You and your audience will be able to play with you in real time receiving the individual relevance they deserve, growing your channel day by day.
5426 | Simultaneously control a sword-wielding robot and a gunslinging space frog in Shoulders of Giants, an explosively colourful sci-fi roguelike. Play alone, with a friend, or as part of a four-person team, cutting through waves of enemies on a quest to rescue the galaxy from the forces of Entropy!
5427 | Fast-paced physics-based hockey simulation where precision, strategy, and chaos collide. Control every move, pass, and shot with realistic puck physics, dynamic player movement, and thrilling gameplay. Master the rink with friends or team up with other Puck players for ultimate hockey dominance!
5428 | Liminal Shift is a unique atmospheric suspense game developed using the latest Unreal Engine 5 technologies such as Lumen and Nanite. With every step you take, Liminal Shift pushes you deeper into an eerie, unsettling experience like no other.
5429 | Prodigal is a story-rich action-adventure where you journey through a vibrant world fighting vicious monsters, exploring puzzling dungeons, and collecting magical artifacts. Unravel the mysteries of Vann's Point and bond with all of its curious townsfolk!
5430 | Furry Shades of Gay is a game about love, queer relationships, hot gay sex and slapstick humor. Experience 6 new stories with an elaborate web of branching paths. Explore each one, win match-3 challenges, and get ready for 24 hot animated VOICED sex scenes!
5431 | Run your own aquarium shop in a cozy New York neighborhood. Buy and sell fish, aquariums, and decorations to friendly customers. Create beautifully decorated tanks and make a profit by selling them!
5432 | Master the art of alchemy in Potion Shop Simulator, a unique blend of simulation and strategy. Brew potions, manage your shop, and cater to a magical clientele in a single-player or co-op experience of the medieval fantasy world.
5433 | Descend under a mountain to the marketplace below, where everything has a price. Meet the four men who can each give you what you need, but beware: they have their own hidden motives and uses for you. OBSCURA is a dark fantasy romance VN that asks how far you'll go to get what you need.
5434 | Three limbs ripped off, infected with a deadly parasite, you must survive. Drag yourself through the hallways of an infested arcship, fight off twisted eldritch creatures, craft vaccines and ammunition, and escape to civilization.
5435 | Set out to discover and record plants and creatures for the Violet Archive. Grow crops, tame animals, and build the perfect farm! Forge friendships along the way as you begin your life as a researcher!
5436 | 「Maybe one day, I won't have to fight when I fly.」
5437 | Dear Esther immerses you in a stunningly realised world, a remote and desolate island somewhere in the outer Hebrides. As you step forwards, a voice begins to read fragments of a letter: 'Dear Esther...' - and so begins a journey through one of the most original first-person games of recent years.
5438 | Strategic Command WWII: War in the Pacific is a turn-based strategy game. It offers a comprehensive experience of the Pacific Theater, challenging you to achieve victory in one of history's greatest conflicts.
5439 | Start from scratch and rise with scrap, dig through trash, process junk, and grow your profits. Buy warehouses, machines, and vehicles to build your own recycling empire.
5440 | If you don't sacrifice your neighbors, the world ends. Life Eater is a horror fantasy kidnapping simulator where you must become intimately familiar with your targets' lives one intrusive action at a time... and hope that the dark god you serve is even real.
5441 | The revived original story of Nanoka Flanka, a budding inventor and crafter.
5442 | Among the Sleep: Enhanced Edition is a new and improved version of the award winning first person horror adventure. In the game you play as a small child trapped in a weird nightmare where you go looking for your mom.
5443 | Captain Kayto Shields returns from exile in Sunrider 4: The Captain’s Return for a new space adventure!
"5444 | Your step mom got stuck in the washing machine! She needs your ""help""! Collect items scattered around the house and use them to ""play"" with your step mom, masturbate as a jerk, slap ass and thigs, cum wherever you want: free the most pervert part of your soul and unleash all your deepest fanstasy!"
5445 | After decades of toil, an old machinist plots his escape from Communism, through manipulation and scheming. Along the road, he befriends the most unlikely creature, an abandoned robot. Could they solve the puzzles and flee this bleak world together?
"5446 | In the summer of 2008. The main character, at the request of followers, goes to Russia to explore the abandoned camp ""Yunost"". Locals say that this place is inhabited by restless souls. This will need to be checked."
5447 | In Disney Princess: Enchanted Journey, players are transported to environments based on classic films as they discover the courage, trust, and friendship needed to become a real princess, while attempting to save each kingdom from evil.
5448 | Rush: A Disney•Pixar Adventure invites families and fans of all ages to experience the worlds of six beloved Disney•Pixar films like never before. Team up with characters from The Incredibles, Ratatouille, Up, Cars, Toy Story, and Finding Dory to solve puzzles and uncover hidden secrets.
5449 | Fall in, soldier! Commandos 3 - HD Remaster sends you to the relentless and unforgiving battlefields of Europe. Remastered in high definition including reworked 3D models and textures, improved controls and refined UI.
5450 | Lustful Brides plunges you into a world of passion when a mysterious benefactor's will forces you to choose and marry one of his three alluring daughters to claim your inheritance. Explore steamy relationships and exciting scenarios with family and classmates in the adult visual novel game.
5451 | Become Atom Eve and take control of your own path as one of the most powerful superheroes in the Invincible universe! Unravel a mystery and balance the dangers and responsibilities of being a superhero with the relatable challenges of everyday life.
5452 | Think fast and hang on to your ride as you take independent control of the rider and take the ultimate test of mettle. Dual controls let you tear it up with death-defying tricks and high-flying freestyle action. Fight for traction and dig up the track to leave your mark.
5453 | There are three girls at Succubus Café: Lilith, Eisheth, and Alice. The cafe only opens at night and customers are served by the girls. Once a succubus reaches 18 years of age… She will always look 18. All three girls are therefore adults.
5454 | In a ferocious Arctic storm, distress signals are sent from a mysterious Russian whaler. As leading Coast Guard veteran Tom Hansen, you board to investigate  and discover unthinkable horrors lurking beneath the ship's bloodstained decks.
5455 | Guide puny humans through Despot's Game - a rogue-like tactics army battler. Equip your team and sacrifice them through procedural dungeons as you fight enemies, and other players!
5456 | The golden age of violent flash games now in your VR headset. Fully physics based combat with melee and firearms featuring copious amounts of blood, gore and destruction.
5457 | Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine is a single player or co-op heist game. Assemble a crack team of thieves, case the joint, and pull off the perfect heist.
5458 | MAXIMUM Action is a brutal and satisfying physics-based first person shooter influenced by Hong Kong cinema, heroic slow motion bloodshed, and old-school FPS ACTION.
5459 | 3D hypnotic training simulation game. Using a hypnosis application, you will train an idol girl to make her lewd by doing sexual things, and aim for your lover
"5460 | ""Last Remains"" is a highly challenging multiplayer zombie survival game. Players must survive in a city overrun by the undead, scavenging for food, arming themselves, avoiding zombies, searching for loot, plundering other survivors, and finding any possible way to escape."
5461 | A succubus issues threats against humanity once every 100 years. While men die and young women disappear one by one, a succubus hunter visits a cursed city under the moonlight. Let's rescue abducted girls and defeat the succubus!
5462 | Superheroes clash in this turn based strategy game. Recruit, train, and deploy your team in order to take back the city from the villains that hold it hostage.
5463 | Set your belongings on fire on a beautiful voxel art puzzle island.
"5464 | Based on the ""Touhou Project"" world, Touhou Genso Wanderer -Reloaded- is an addictive roguelike RPG that's easy for beginners to pickup and play, but with tons of advanced options for pros! Explore dungeons with your Touhou favorites characters, collect loot, and battle over the Golden Spheres!"
"5465 | ""First Class Escape: The Train of Thought"" is a co-operative atmospheric escape room puzzle game, set in a beautifully realized vintage train. Do you think you have what it takes to solve the puzzles and escape the train?"
5466 | Suit for Hire is a challenging top-down action shooter, tactically blend weapons and martial arts together to unleash beautifully crafted violence.
5467 | Become a pilot! Immerse in WW1 aerial combat like never before in a captivating VR experience. Be a pilot during the Great War in Warplanes: WW1 Fighters. No matter whether you prefer arcade games or flight simulators – a variety of options will let you adjust the game to your preferences.
5468 | TURBO CHARGED PINBALL RETURNS! Now with bigger sprites, more baddies, more secrets & MORE BULLETS! Demon's Tilt pushes the limits of the Video Pinball genre with SHMUP & Hack N' Slash elements.
5469 | Live the life of a food delivery driver. Deliver orders, earn money, upgrade your vehicle, explore a vast city, and make way to your success. Dive into a realistic daily adventure and level up to become the best delivery driver.
5470 | It’s time to discover your inner artist! With Vermillion, you get a fully equipped oil painting studio in your home, without any of the mess. Ready for the unrivaled sense of accomplishment from creating your first painting?
5471 | A space survival crafting mining base building and star system building game. Craft rockets to create planets and Dyson Rings, mine and craft advanced materials, terraform the terrain, manage electricity, farm food, and more as you watch the star system evolve into stunning, ever-changing views.
5472 | You're on a plank, 80 stories high. Knees shaky, palms sweaty. You have a choice. Do you walk or do you freeze? Richie's Plank is the only VR experience that lets you clone any real-world plank into the virtual world for 2X the immersion.
5473 | Join Clicky on a new, enchanted adventure in Hidden Through Time 2: Myths & Magic! Search for hidden objects scattered around hand-drawn worlds, and unlock more as you go. With both a single player campaign and an online mode where you can create your own dreamworld, the adventure never ends!
5474 | Explore a sprawling, alien world in the sequel to the award winning Axiom Verge.
"5475 | Let's go on the treasure hunt through the skies of the world! The ultimate ""Psikyo Shooter"" with online rankings!"
5476 | Idol Manager is a business sim about conquering the entertainment industry using any means you deem necessary.
5477 | Embers Adrift is a unique fantasy PvE MMO - group play truly shines and solo play is still rewarding. Designed with classic MMO principles in mind we desire to bring players together to create lasting memories and friendships in an immersive world wherein you may lose track of time. Welcome drifter!
5478 | 《Back：Fade》 is a full-motion audio live horror game. Special Note 1: This game is very supernatural and scary, timid or heart disease players do not buy ！！！！ The game will reveal different ending plots step by step through various searches and choices for your character.
5479 | A world of Beauty and Mystery, Emotive Animations, Atmospheric Environments, Visually Driven Story, Metroidvania Exploration and Memorable Sword Duels.
5480 | The Grey Dream is an adult Visual Novel about a man who got offered a job in an international trading company right after graduation. As soon as you accept it, the consequences of the past start to manifest. Who knows? Maybe you can get rid of your past or spice up your future with it.
5481 | A story driven sextroidvania click-em-up where you play as a brave barbarian ascending a lascivious lair!
5482 | Create stunning virtual aquariums on your PC! Our advanced 3D engine brings your fish tank to life with breathtaking realism, featuring lifelike fish, plants, decorations, and more. Transform your monitor into a vibrant, living aquarium. Virtual aquascaping has never been easier!
5483 | This is a casual strategic placement game. In the aerial world set in ancient China, players will play the role of a descendant of the Immortal Cultivation Sect. Travel through the barren continent, obtain various resources, build your sect, and ultimately ascend to the immortal realm.
5484 | An action-adventure roguelike with a bit of RPG tossed in. Adventure deep into the UnderMine and discover powerful relics, deadly enemies, hidden secrets, and a few friends to help along the way.
5485 | Become a medieval thug in a crazy open-world action game, full of pop-culture references. Complete insane quests, kill heroes, steal horses, fight guards, rob peasants, listen to some bard music, and much more! All packed in old-school gameplay style!
5486 | Arcade-style racing game inspired by the spirit of the early 90s, with drifting mechanics and exotic tracks.
5487 | All looks and feels of the original anime series remodelled with 3D Cell-look technology! Perform devastating combos, destroy your opponents, and relive the anime with your favourite scenes from the original series, revived with stunning visuals and cinematics!
5488 | Scavengers from all over the galaxy have come to a dead Earth to loot the remains of the technology that can found in underground tunnels. You must fight your way past the scum of the universe. As you prepare for deadly combat, you are going to quickly learn that the future is... Forsaken!
5489 | When the harshness of the sea meets the cruelties of war, a challenge for perseverance makes itself known. Welcome to Aircraft Carrier Survival, a strategy game set in the Pacific Theater of World War II, where your prowess as a commander decides the fate of a naval behemoth.
5490 | Falling with Ice Phoenix! combining the classic gravity fall platformer, sprited and high-octane action game, you and the cutie monster girls venture downwards to find the lost orb, facing traps and sexy monster lords ahead, an exciting adventure to the unknown lays ahead...
5491 | 1872, with a steampunk twist. Phileas Fogg has wagered he can circumnavigate the world in just 80 days. Travel by airship, submarine, mechanical camel, steam-train and more. Race other players and a clock that never stops in TIME Magazine's Game of 2014.
5492 | Play Succubus Roulette with a deck of 8 cards. Two enter. One comes out. Bet your ass to roll the dice. Good luck.
"5493 | In ""Just Click The Button,"" you do indeed, click on a button. The more you click, the more the game evolves. Select new abilities that align with your playstyle. Decide whether to attempt to beat the game after reaching a certain threshold or play indefinitely!"
5494 | Service off-road vehicles and take them for a drive! Offroad Mechanic Simulator lets you modify many classic off-road vehicles and prepare them for daunting tasks that no normal car could ever hope to complete. Test your work and climb steep cliffs or drive through rivers and deep layers of mud.
5495 | Death's Gambit: Afterlife is a challenging 2D action platformer with deep RPG elements. As an agent of Death bound to his service, unravel the mystery of Siradon and discover the true price of immortality.
5496 | A haunting gothic romance set in the 19th century. Follow Meike, a young woman from an impoverished noble family, as she’s swept off her feet by the mysterious Magdalena: a vampire who possesses a dark secret.
5497 | Sonny 1 and Sonny 2 team up in the Sonny Legacy Collection. Traverse a story-rich world where strategy meets supernatural in a quest for identity and survival. Master tactical turn-based combat and discover the truth behind Sonny's resurrection in these classic RPGs.
5498 | It's 3:00 a.m. Your neighbours are having a loud party. Stop them. Party Hard is tinyBuild's award-winning stealth strategy game about ruining parties by any means.
5499 | Infinifactory is a sandbox puzzle game by Zachtronics, the creators of SpaceChem and Infiniminer. Build factories that assemble products for your alien overlords, and try not to die in the process.
5500 | Immerse yourself in retro top-down visuals as you face the horrors of Breckenridge Hall through intense first-person combat. Scavenge, solve puzzles, and upgrade your gear. Do whatever it takes to survive—but remember: You Will Die Here Tonight.
"5501 | For decades, superpowers and psychic abilities were thought to be mere science fiction, but the discovery of a certain particle called the ""Astron"" at the end of the 20th century proved to the world that these wondrous phenomena were real."
5502 | FIRST TIME ON STEAM – Based on the PlayStation®3 port of the original GameCube game, this RPG classic is finally available for PC.
5503 | Oh no buddy! Cleome, a pink haired elf from a fantasy world is stuck inside the washing machine known as the modern world and she is shaking her hips while asking for your help! As a cultured member of society, how can you help her? Turn your brain off and just enjoy the ride, you deserve it.
5504 | Christmas is a joyful time, but this time something dark is hiding behind the holiday decorations. Your actions will determine whether you and your girlfriend survive Christmas night.
5505 | Pilot a dwarven mech and fly a dragon as you build and defend outposts across a shattered magical realm. Craft, explore, and survive the dangers of floating islands corrupted by the Taint in this action-packed survival RPG with base-building and co-op.
5506 | An immersive, first-person survival shooter where you step into the boots of Special Agent Aiden Clark. Dive deep into a hazardous underground laboratory, tasked with the perilous mission of neutralizing a biological menace and securing a pathogen sample.
5507 | Claim the Yellow Jersey in the official game of the 2024 Tour de France. Outperform your opponents, push yourself to the limit and show what you can do in the brand new multiplayer mode: Criterium.
5508 | A Fisherman's Tale 2, sequel to the award-winning A Fisherman's Tale, is a new mind-bending VR puzzle-adventure. A poetic story with unique VR puzzle mechanics. Detach, Replace and Control your hands, solve puzzles, explore new locations and discover the truth.
5509 | Included in the Platinum Edition are three titles:SpellForce: The Order of DawnIn a world beyond imagination...In their immeasurable greed and constant thirst for power, the thirteen most powerful Mages of all time doomed the land, hurling it into an endless spiral of chaos and despair.
5510 | Leila is a heartfelt, hand-animated narrative game about the small yet significant struggles we all face. Solve story-driven puzzles, relive fragile memories, and discover a deeply personal journey that may feel more familiar than you expect.
5511 | Dungeon Siege® combines the immersive elements of a role-playing game with over-the-top intensity and non-stop action. Dungeon Siege plunges you into a continuous 3D fantasy world where you face off against an army of evil that has been unleashed.
5512 | Crisis Brigade 2 reloaded is about covering, pointing and shooting, fast-paced pure action. Intense shootouts, powerful weapons, challenging levels, fierce enemies... Like the 90's classic arcade machines, but with the immersion that Virtual Reality is capable of.
5513 | Sex With Hitler is a unique blend of visual novel and top-down shooter.You will fight in the fields of World War II and meet unique heroines, among whom you will find both friends and enemies.
5514 | An otome RPG adventure with a dark story and meaningful choices. Shape the fate of a princess who must corrupt her soul in order to save her kingdom.
5515 | Transform your rusty vehicle into a powerful race car by skillfully installing various parts. Engage in a variety of money-making activities such as woodcutting, nocturnal racing, or pizza delivery. Perhaps you're interested in managing a workshop for yourself? The possibilities are endless!
5516 | An Airport for Aliens Currently Run by Dogs is an open-world comedy adventure game. Talk to stock photo dogs. Solve their problems. Catch your flight. And call it Dog Airport Game when you get tired of saying the full title, like I did three months ago.
5517 | CHUCHEL is a comedy adventure game from the creators of Machinarium, Botanicula and Samorost. Join the hairy hero Chuchel and his rival Kekel as they will be facing numerous puzzles and challenges in their quest to retrieve the precious cherry!
5518 | Dive into the depths of the Dungeon and defeat the evil demons.This is a 3D, third-person action game where the player must go into the battlefield alone, gathering supplies and building up strength as you go.But if the enemy catches you, there is hell to pay...
5519 | Pic-Me! is a card game about deception, where players use wonderous images to spark creativity and imagination. Each round becomes an intricate mindgame against the other players at the table. Will you be able to outsmart your friends or will you be tricked by them? 4-8 players only.
5520 | Seiran Island. Even here in paradise, there are those who work in the shadows to bring it down... Confront the tyranny of a twisted system in this long-awaited visual novel adventure.
5521 | Dive into intense dinosaur hunting adventures with your friends. Complete hunting contracts for Preton Corporation. Gather rewards, improve your equipment and become a master hunter. Are you the hunter or the hunted?
5522 | Hotshot Racing is a blisteringly fast arcade-style racing game fusing drift handling, razor-sharp retro visuals and an incredible sense of speed to create an exhilarating driving experience.
5523 | A quiet evening stroll takes a turn for the worse as a tragic accident befalls a little girl and her dog. When her sister goes missing later in the night, the little girl decides to venture out into the eerie darkness to search for her loved ones as evil spirits haunt the alleyways and streets of her once-peaceful town.
5524 | In a world of human-like monsters, a young man lives in a quiet, remote village with his sister. However, he is attacked by monsters when he leaves the village. Now he works hard to become stronger so he no longer burdens his sister.
5525 | Gates of Skeldal is a cult classic Czech dungeon crawler from 1998. On the mythical island of Rovenland, a party of adventurers sets out to stop five rogue mages from the tower of Skeldal. Enjoy turn-based combat, powerful magic, and tricky puzzles in this legendary RPG!
5526 | You are in control of X-COM: an organization formed by the world's governments to fight the ever-increasing alien menace.
5527 | Newly self-aware, I.R.I.S. the martial-arts wielding assassin motorcycle, has begun a cross-continent escape to freedom. I.R.I.S.’s only ally is her engineer Pablo, who gets conscripted into the quest after his pant leg gets caught in her chassis. Hunted by the psychopathic motorcycle S.P.I.K.E. and a multinational weapons cartel, I.R.I.
5528 | Shelly “Bombshell” Harrison is back in this highly interactive mix of first person action and road movie adventure. Embark on an adrenaline-fueled journey around the USA. Use an enormous arsenal of weapons and skills to battle treacherous soldiers and vile mutants, all while trying to save mankind.
5529 | Gabriel Knight is the last in a long line of Shadow Hunters, those fated to fight the dark forces of the supernatural.
5530 | Embody the ultimate cybernetic corporate agent. Master deadly gunplay, time manipulation, and supernatural abilities. Hack computers, people, even the individual bullets flying at you. Confront the future, and die trying.
5531 | For some time now, Leafmore High School has been the setting for unexplained disappearances. In this survival horror game, you take control of a group of 5 American students. With your friends, you try to unravel the mysterious happenings at this unremarkable-looking school. The night will be long and survival not will not be easy...
5532 | Get ready to tilt into terror. The new horror-inspired pinball platform for fearless players. Prove your skills on the most sinister, gory, and badass tables ever brought to life.
5533 | Voidwrought is a 2D action-platformer set in a hand-drawn world of cosmic horrors. Explore the thawing ruins of the First Civilisation and strike down the gods that dwell there. Grow your powers, uncover ancient artifacts, and expand your shrine amid the wreckage.
5534 | Arcade Spirits: The New Challengers is the follow-up to 2019's Arcade Spirits, a visual novel of love and pixels, in which you seek friendship and romance while working in an arcade. Now the tables are turned, as you seek friendship and romance while PLAYING in an arcade!
5535 | Wild island. Thirst and hunger. Dangerous animals and insects. The perfect place to test your survival skills, especially if you only have empty hands, especially if it is a hand simulator.
5536 | Strap yourself into the cockpit of a robot seven times taller than a Tyrannosaurus Rex and prepare to do battle in Vox Machinae: the ultimate giant robot combat action-simulator for both VR and standard screens.
5537 | You wake up in an unknown dark abandoned mansion and don't remember how you got there. Your goal is to escape this mansion and get back home safely, but the traps and demons lurking there won't make it easier. Can you escape this mansion or give in to the temptation?
"5538 | Yohane the Parhelion is an official spin-off of ""Love Live! Sunshine"". Yohane's fantasy world sets the stage for a 2D metroidvania in ""Yohane the Parhelion: Blaze in the Deepblue""!"
5539 | Join DeathSpank in the hunt for the Thongs of Virtue! Fight through all new environments and quests and collect all new weapons, armor, and loot in one of the funniest action-RPGs to date!
5540 | Fruit Stacking Puzzle Game Connect the same types of fruit together to make them grow bigger and bigger! Stack them up without letting them overflow from the plate, and build your own Fruit Mountain!
5541 | A classic visual novel about a demon-slaying ninja. Asagi was the strongest Taimanin in Tokyo, but after completing her last mission, she just wants to settle down and marry her lover Kyousuke. Her old nemesis has other plans, however, and creeps back from the dead to seek vengeance...
5542 | Dash, slash, and relive the golden age of couch co-op! Kemono Heroes blends run ‘n gun action with fast-paced ninja combat and 16-bit arcade vibes. Play solo or team up with friends for a wild adventure full of unlockable weapons, epic battles, and nonstop fun!
5543 | Build vibrant cities in a medieval world with this modernized version of The Settlers – Rise of an Empire. Each character leads their individual lives and can be observed by you at any time. Will you go down in history as a legendary king?
5544 | Metel - Horror Escape is a first-person 3D game in the quest, horror genre. Welcome to the home of an insane maniac hungry for new blood and suffering! You are a victim in his hands. Be careful trying to find a way out. The maniac should not notice your escape attempt.
5545 | Nick Harrison, a new security guard at the Guadalupe Cemetery, believes he is taking on a peaceful night shift. However, as night falls, he soon discovers he was very wrong. Nick realizes the cemetery holds more than just the dead.
5546 | The complete surrealist horror-comedy series! A mysterious world of zines and blood!!
5547 | Age of Wonders III is the long anticipated sequel to the award-winning strategy series. Delivering a unique mix of Empire Building, Role Playing and Warfare, Age of Wonders III offers the ultimate in turn-based fantasy strategy for veterans of the series and new players alike!
5548 | Apex Point is an open world game that aims to immerge you into the Japanese car culture by providing a huge variety of customizations and race types so you can choose your own path
5549 | A text-based incremental idle game with a ridiculous amount of unique content. Automate old stuff as you unlock new stuff to keep things interesting for hours and hours, no spam clicking necessary! Trimps is everything you love about your favorite games, distilled to their purest form.
5550 | AirMech® Strike is a fast paced Action-RTS game that can be played solo, coop, or competitively online. Earn Kudos and Experience in battle and unlock a wide collection of AirMechs and Units while you practice the perfect strategy to emerge victorious!
5551 | Even at this moment, our fashionable city is under assault. Baggy pants, dull suits, sightings of socks with sandals. A message needs to be sent, and it needs to be sent in style... Time to serve some good ol' Fashion Justice!
5552 | Elsword is your exciting, side-scrolling, all-action role-playing game: create your own hero, style up to suit your tastes and show off your skills in countless solo and multiplayer adventures – all presented in awesome manga visuals.
5553 | Astrea is a DICE-deck-building roguelike that flips the script on deckbuilders by using dice instead of cards and a unique dual “damage” system: Purification vs Corruption. Build a dice pool strong enough to purify Astrea's out-of-control corruption and save the Star System.
"5554 | NOROI KAGO: the Grudged Domain is a four-player co-op survival horror game based on ""Yokai"", supernatural beings from Japanese folklore. Trapped in a cursed domain, you and your companions must work together to endure the curse and find a way to escape, all the while hiding from the roaming yokai."
5555 | Viscerafest is a Sci-Fi Fantasy Singleplayer Arena FPS with minor Collectathon elements. Fight through hordes of aliens and eldritch monstrosities wielding a slew of powerful weapons, juggling your resources, and exploring over 23 intricately designed hand-crafted levels.
"5556 | You are a gunslinger in limbo, involved in a gritty war against ""The Cartel"", a ruthless organization harvesting souls to break free of the shackles of the afterlife. Grow stronger with each new run, gather the essence of lost souls to take on the biggest threats in this rogue-lite FPS!"
5557 | Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl 2 lets you duke it out with the biggest and best fighting character roster yet! Choose your favorite brawlers, master their unique move sets, and use all-new powerful Supers to land the finishing blow with friends or across a unique, roguelike player campaign!
5558 | Rediscover the magic of the 9th Dawn series with this complete re-imagining of the original game. Venture into a massive 2.5D open world. Explore 45 new dungeons in single-player or online/local co-op, craft weapons, raise pets, play a deck-building card game, and take down the Castle of Maltyr!
5559 | Night Security | 夜間警備 is a Japanese psychological horror game about night security.
5560 | Card Survival: Fantasy Forest is a card-based deep survival simulator and the next installment in the Card Survival Series. Carve yourself a home in a primordial forest that has a will of its own. A day-to-day life simulator in a world where nature reigns with mystery, beauty and sometimes cruelty.
5561 | An ultimate 1-8 player Co-op Simulation game where you build and manage your gas station completely from scratch. Team up with your friends, provide exceptional service and grow your business! Collaboration (and some chaos!) is the key to success—fuel up, have your fun and rise to the top!
5562 | Brings the simultaneous turn-based strategy genre up-to-date and lets you give detailed, accurate orders to your squad.
5563 | Castle Story is a creative voxel-based strategy game in which you can build castles one brick at a time using an army of little creatures called Bricktrons. Design and build your own castles, expand your territory in a vast landscape and defend your Bricktrons against onslaughts of hostile creatures.
5564 | An intense, but also funny, medical drama that deals with a lot of life-changing decisions. Become an aspiring surgeon at Little Creek Hospital!
5565 | Survive the ever increasing pressure of time for as long as you can! A minimalistic incremental game about time management that takes inspiration from roguelite games, with a focus on meta-progression. Every generation has a better chance at survival, because previous lives influence its instincts
5566 | Enter a labyrinth that moves as you move, where mastering the elements is key to defeating enemies and uncovering the mysteries of this underground world. With a new experience awaiting every time you enter the dungeon, let the power bestowed by the crown guide you in this challenging adventure!
5567 | Sail the Seas is a sailing, trading simulator set in 18th century, spanning whole world
5568 | Play as a shark or a diver in a dark aquatic world and overcome your enemies by employing cunning, teamwork, and stealth. Depth blends tension and visceral action as you team up against AI or be matched with other players in heart pounding combat.
5569 | Fight with your whole body. If you lose an arm, it's just a scratch. If you lose the other, it's a flesh wound. If you lose your legs, headbutt them. LET'S FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT!
5570 | Sniper Fury is an action-sharpshooting game set in a world threatened by violence. Neutralize threats using an ever-growing arsenal of modern firepower. Customize everything: weapons, gear sets, bullets! Join other snipers in Clan Wars, challenge them in PvP mode, & try events for extra surprises.
5571 | As the enigmatic Hitman, you must use stealth and tactical problem solving to enter, execute and exit your assignment with minimum attention and maximum effectiveness. For a price, you have access to the most devious devices, but how you use them will determine if you retire as a millionaire or get permanently retired.
5572 | Cybernetic Seduction is a choice-driven futuristic adult visual novel filled with sex, humor, and action. Immerse yourself in a brand new world as a newbie agent with one clear goal: to seduce women. Impress the mafia boss, organize heists, and uncover the truth about the mysterious organization.
5573 | Award-winning adventure where you control the news and its impact on society, your friends and career. Different choices lead to unique combinations of endings. Share your story with the community, and see what the players before you did.
5574 | A kart racing game without weapons! This is a pure motorsport arcade racer. Compete vs very challenging AI, get on the global leaderboards and play with others online.
5575 | Voice of Cards: The Isle Dragon Roars is an RPG set in a world of swords and sorcery, told entirely through the medium of cards.
5576 | Trophy fishing 2 it is a 3D fishing simulator with excellent graphics, sound and entertaining gameplay. It is a game-encyclopedia, which we develop and improve right along. It will please all lovers of fishing and quiet rest, as well as, all who loves excitement, competition and friendly communication.
5577 | A small clicker game about destroying ducks! Collect 40+ ducks, upgrade all your stats, and repeat! Includes normal & master ducks, timed events, tons of upgrades, rebirths, achievements, and more!
5578 | Relive the real-time tactics masterpiece that defined the genre like no other: Commandos 2 - HD Remaster is a true homage to one of gaming’s most celebrated masterpieces.
5579 | Join Effie, the Legendary Phantom Thief, as she battles an evil organization to save her peaceful town. Wield magic, infiltrate, and confiscate dirty money on naughty and thrilling missions to reclaim the stolen peace!
5580 | Become a hacker and build your online reputation to the top by discovering a simplified and enjoyable version of real-life hacking methods. Complete contracts, buy new programs, upgrade your computer, crack wifi networks and infiltrate peoples or companies online systems.
5581 | Why not enjoy the diner? The moon is as full as it'll ever be, and there's even a drink fountain.
5582 | If you've ever wanted to romantically pursue a phone, then hot DARN, do I have just the game for you.
5583 | Alone in the forest glade he shared with his wife, a woodworker struggles to accept her passing. Help him hold on to cherished memories of their life together as he struggles to care for himself and his now empty home. Pine is a single-serving game focused on telling a beautiful, emotional tale.
5584 | Three limbs ripped off, infected with a deadly parasite, you must save your research. Drag yourself through the corridors of a secret research lab on a remote asteroid, fight off horribly mutated monsters, inject countless syringes of vaccines, and survive at all costs.
"5585 | Recettear is the story of an item shop, the girl who lives in it, and the fairy who turned her life upside down. Recette Lemongrass finds herself in charge of an item shop built into her house, in order to pay back a loan her father took and then skipped out on - and Tear, her newfound fairy ""companion"", won't take no for an answer!"
5586 | Experience a vast Sci-fi open-world survival TD game set on a distant planet deep in the universe. Craft, build, mine, trade, explore, and survive in this alien world. Collect Data and defend against waves of enemies seeking to banish you. Enjoy the adventure in Singleplayer or Multiplayer.
5587 | One of the most highly-acclaimed visual novel series arrives on Steam, newly revamped and officially in English! An interdimensional love story that takes high school romance on a roller-coaster ride through the depths of despair, culminating in a sci-fi grand finale of epic proportions.
5588 | The critically acclaimed update to the Space Invaders franchise has arrived to invade Steam with greatly improved graphics and audio! Packed with pulsing, vibrant visuals enhanced further by interactive sound. The invaders have evolved, the question is: can you keep up?
5589 | Deck building with a twist! Lead a team of mages against the Nameless in this magic-based card battle game and save the city of Gravehold!
5590 | SEXDIVERS 🔞 is a survival shooter where you protect a scientific team on a dangerous alien planet. Fight fierce creatures, complete risky missions, and grow your fame! Unlock steamy rewards, level up your skills, and dive into a world of danger, passion, and adrenaline!
5591 | Detention is an atmospheric horror game set in 1960s Taiwan under martial law. Incorporated religious elements based in Taiwanese/Chinese culture and mythology, the game provided players with unique graphics and gaming experience.
5592 | Factory Outlet Simulator is a very comprehensive product manufacturing and selling game. You can produce the products of world famous brands in your factory and sell them. Or you can expand your business and create your own brand. Use your business acumen to lead the market from zero to the top!
5593 | Welcome to Fern Island! As Abrill, become immersed in the island’s culture, uncover its deepest secrets, and master magical trades. Overcome the challenges of the island to demonstrate your mastery of magic and become the most well known witch around!
5594 | This is the story of a fighter who wanted to become...
5595 | Relive the Capcom classics! Get 1943 -The Battle of Midway- and game logo wallpapers free with your download!
5596 | The Empire is finally whole after the Great Unification War, and the military is undergoing a restructuring. You are Corporal Thill, a decorated war hero begrudgingly transferred to the newly created Traffic Security Bureau to man one of its many checkpoints. Glory to the Empire!
5597 | Water Delivery is a first person, horror experience where you play as a water delivery boy. Ride along in the delivery truck from house to house. Deliver filled water jugs, find and return empty jugs, and collect all the payments. Will you be able to finish your final route of the evening?
5598 | CARRIER BATTLES is a classic hex-and-counter digital wargame covering the naval-air battles of the Pacific War, from 1942 to 1943. Find your opponent and strike at him before he sinks your precious carriers, while preventing them from invading or supporting your own amphibious operations.
5599 | A choice-based dark gothic romance Visual Novel... Trapped alone in her castle, can you survive a dark yandere queen's schemes? Or will you fall for her charms? Remember... She lies.
5600 | Adventure awaits in Port Royal, a town of treasures, mysteries and beautiful women! This epic, story-rich experience features hundreds of animated shots (mostly naughty ones), and a large world, filled with collectible treasures, booty calls, and an abundance of fun secrets and mysteries to uncover.
5601 | Painkiller Black Edition includes the expansion pack Battle Out of Hell, featuring 10 additional single-player levels and many new villains.
5602 | Crystal Project is a non-linear JRPG where you are the maker of your own adventure. Explore the world while you find Crystals, unlock classes, learn abilities, and create a strategy capable of taking down the world's toughest bosses. Or just stick to exploring; it's up to you.
5603 | Chicken Invaders puts you at the forefront of a battle against invading intergalactic chickens, bent on revenge for our oppression of Earth chickens. This time, the chickens have hatched a devious plan to block out sunlight and freeze Earth to death!
5604 | Live the big adventure of a small bee! Explore a world brimming with life in which you collect pollen, defy dangerous wasps and save your hive! Play with others in three game modes, including four players co-op and PvP on split screen.
5605 | The ultimate 18+ yuri visual novel! Romance seven beautiful ladies, work at the weirdest love hotel in Japan, and live your best life in Akiyama's red-light district!
5606 | Firmament is a new puzzle-adventure game by the legendary game studio behind the best-selling games Myst and Riven. Featuring deep storytelling and world-building, discover the story of this seemingly abandoned world as you explore and unlock the mysteries of 3 unique Realms… and beyond!
5607 | In this game, you'll be the leader of an ancient tribe, guiding your people to explore the natural world, to hunt, and to farm. As culture and civilization prosper, you shall establish a tribal alliance, a community with a shared future of tribes.
5608 | The classic Myst experience with point and click controls, released as a remaster to the original in 2000. Enter a world where nothing is as it seems... and adventure knows no bounds!
5609 | Lara Croft GO is a turn based puzzle-adventure set in a long-forgotten world. Explore the ruins of an ancient civilization, discover well-kept secrets and face deadly challenges as you uncover the myth of the Queen of Venom.
5610 | Relive the glory days of cooperative arcade games with the Capcom Beat 'Em Up Bundle! This comprehensive collection includes seven classic titles, each with various multiplayer options and online capabilities!
5611 | True Roguelike. Turn-based shooter. Permadeath. Tribute to the sci-fi classics of the Golden VHS era. Successor to DRL. Just you and your gun against hordes of horrors and monstrosities. Give them hell to the rhythm of heavy metal.
5612 | Manage your own corner kitchen in this adorably chaotic idle cooking game. Play actively or use it as desktop companion while you work on your PC windowizing the counter in your screen. A fun way to disconnect once in a while, as a Pomodoro focus tool, or even integrate it with your stream chat.
5613 | The story of Myst continues... Return to this strange and wondrous universe, where books become portals into worlds, and where the lessons of the past may yet hold meaning for today...
5614 | Femdom University 0 is an Open-World Survival-Dating-SimGame which is all about Femdom. You are a student in a university of dominant females where you have to take care of yourself and survive.
5615 | Far into the future, in the year 1999: David, a systems operator, runs from his troubles by taking a job on a space station. After arriving, his mundane work turns into a struggle for his very life as he makes a shocking discovery.
5616 | After crash-landing on a mysterious island with no memories of the past, set out to explore the island and scavenge for resources to build automated production lines and repair the damaged ship.
5617 | An 18+ BL visual novel set in 1970's Soshigaya. Kaiju straight out of a black-and-white TV terrorize a Japan without a world's fair. Tokyo's safety is in the hands of Sun Mask Icarus in this slapstick-yet-heavy 70's pro-wrestling kaiju drama!
5618 | In the slums of a futuristic city, a girl sets out to track down the drug that has taken it over. Strengthen your deck and defeat your foes in this card battling RPG.
5619 | Bursting with hilarious dialogue and comical encounters! The second installment of the super-exhilarating Metroidvania series is here!!
5620 | Crash land on a hostile planet where you'll have to build the strongest defenses if you wish to live to escape from it. But be warned... this planet is merciless. Build strong, and smart; else physics may flood or destroy your only hopes of survival.
5621 | A NEW interactive animated adventure! In this action-adventure game, Arzette must explore the Kingdom of Faramore, slay fearsome foes, acquire powerful items, discover secrets, assist colorful characters, and defeat the evil Daimur!
5622 | Kvark is an FPS game set in a fictional version of the 80s Czech Republic. The player finds themselves in an underground facility that is falling apart as they travel through it. They will have to navigate through dark tunnels and will encounter many obstacles and enemies that will test their skills
5623 | SolForge Fusion is a CCG card-battler with robust single-player and PvP modes, where players use uniquely generated card ‘fusions’ to outmaneuver their adversaries. A game designed by Richard Garfield (Magic: The Gathering) and Justin Gary (Ascension Deckbuilding Game).
5624 | Beat Aim - rhythm aim trainer designed for FPS players with AI generated maps. Makes improving your aim incredibly fun while listening to your favorite songs. Open any music and customize level generation. Combination of osu! and KovaaK's trainer.
5625 | A strange journey throughout an elaborate labyrinth awaits, featuring hundreds of characters and happenings as you try to gather items that once brought happiness to others.
5626 | Defend humanity's last surviving metropolis from mysterious alien machinations in this challenging base-defense arcade shooter. Featuring rapid upgrade progression, procedurally generated attack waves, dark humor and laser-sharp aesthetics.
5627 | A short, minimalist stealth-action game about the importance of art. We painted the sky ashen gray. Burned the heavens to starve each other. Now we walk an endless cemetery of regret.
5628 | The greatest football management sim returns... Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics...your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn.
5629 | Brothers in Arms Hell's Highway brings the critically acclaimed squad-based WWII shooter into the next generation of gaming with amazing graphics and sound, new cutting-edge gameplay features and a totally redesigned online component.
5630 | Love, Money, Rock'n'Roll: the romanticism of the Eighties, mystery and intrigues, betrayal and sacrifice, hatred and passion — all this and more in the new game from the creators of the legendary visual novel Everlasting Summer!
5631 | Finally, Naoki has the apartment all to himself! With the perfect fap material ready, he's in for a marathon session. Lost in the sauce, beating it to the image of his mom’s best friend, who else should catch him in the act but the very object of this fapper's fantasy!?
5632 | FutaDomWorld is a dystopian, futanari-femdom dating sim. Let's get weird.
"5633 | ""The hardest part is not to speak up. It’s being heard."" Part video game, part graphic novel, Wednesdays seeks to raise awareness about child sexual abuse through a surprisingly hope-filled story."
5634 | Intrigue and adventure await you on board the Titanic, the most famous ocean liner in history. As a British secret agent on a vital mission, it is up to you to change the course of history as you explore the world’s most luxurious ocean vessel in all its original splendour.
5635 | Defense Grid: The Awakening is a unique spin on tower defense gameplay that will appeal to players of all skill levels. A horde of enemies is invading, and it's up to the player to stop them by strategically building fortification towers around their base.
5636 | Unique combination of turn-based 4X and historical grand strategy with a mythological twist. Explore the ancient world and build a world leading civilization. Survive, expand, conquer... and win!
5637 | Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection contains thirteen prior released classic games. This collection is a great place for gamers to experience these popular titles on Steam.
5638 | PAC-MAN arrives home on his birthday to find the Ghosts have kidnapped PAC-MAN’s family and ruined his party! Off to the rescue, PAC-MAN sets out to Ghost Island!
"5639 | Two young illuminators, Fancia and Alina, start their adventure in the bright and fascinating Inlixaland... ...in pursuit of becoming trustworthy ""The Arborangers."""
5640 | You are a blob bunny. Your goal? Touch every tile! Get your slime all over the place and overcome tricks and traps as you make your way through this casual puzzle game.
5641 | Welcome to EverQuest® - the online game that started it all! No other MMO matches EverQuest's sheer content, now with 29 expansions and countless updates. EverQuest is free-to-play.
5642 | Ahoy! The Land of Ooo is underwater and it’s up to Finn and Jake to find out why. Join our heroes as they explore the high seas, search for hidden clues, interrogate shady suspects and fight pirates to solve the mystery and save their waterlogged world!
5643 | The apprentice priestess Flode is dedicated to serving the God of Light, Leight, but when she's suddenly wrapped up in a scandal, she's sent to a remote island to spread the faith. Little does everyone know, the island houses long-forgotten secrets of its own...
5644 | Ever wondered what it’s like to manage a webcam business? Find out in WebCum Secrets 🔞💦 - a hot visual novel about a model manager. Save your career, build relationships and shape everyone’s future with your decisions!
5645 | Ever dreamed of making your own movies? Build up your own movie studio, scout for upcoming stars, and produce cutting-edge films and TV shows. Try to stay ahead of your competition throughout the history of cinematography.
5646 | Edge closer to victory while gooning! 33 unique sexy targets as well as videos to practice with!
5647 | SAIL THE STARS. BETRAY YOUR QUEEN. MURDER A SUN. Sunless Skies is a Gothic Horror roleplay game with a focus on exploration and exquisite storytelling.
5648 | Build a civilization that will stand the test of time in the largest space-based strategy game ever! Choose from dozens of unique races and make a name for yourself across the galaxy through diplomacy, espionage, technological advances, and more.
5649 | Embark on a quest of epic importance in Pesterquest, a grimsical episodic visual novel adventure set in the darkly funny Homestuck / Hiveswap universe, created by American author and artist Andrew Hussie.
5650 | A thrilling blend of adventure, mystery, and history! Play as Nancy Drew to uncover the truth behind the theft of a client's heirloom necklace. Solve challenging puzzles, uncover a sinister web of cyber crime, and sleuth through Prague's mysterious streets entwined with medieval legends and alchemy.
5651 | FRONT MISSION 2: Remake preserves the mature story, strategic turn-based combat, and Wanzer customization options of the original.
5652 | Sea Chronicles is a first-person comedy-adventure where you must escape a sinking ship while navigating a world filled with niche pop-culture references—mostly from SpongeBob. Experience a weird journey with unexpected twists, absurd puzzles, ridiculous deaths, and collectible bugs (insects)
5653 | Move or Die is an absurdly fast-paced 4-player local and online party game where the mechanics change every 20 seconds! It's THE friendship-ruining game.
5654 | The Last Hero of Nostalgaia is a satirical action-adventure, brought to life by a twisted and wicked tale. Featuring hard but fair combat, *full character customization, unique battle armor and engaging narrative mechanics rich in lore, Nostalgaia plunges you into almost certain death at every turn.
5655 | Ever wanted to get away from it all? Well here's your chance! In AI Shoujo, a tropical island paradise filled with beautiful girls is waiting for you! Customize NPCs with a rich suite of character creation tools, then watch as they think, learn, and love. Kick back, relax, and enjoy life in the sun!
5656 | Welcome to the grim darkness of the far future! Experience the war-torn universe of Warhammer 40,000 brought into jaw-dropping, visceral reality for the first time in VR. Immerse yourself in a gripping, action-filled story spanning the galaxy.
5657 | Awaken: Hentai Dice - exciting adult adventure. Magic exists among us, but not everyone can achieve it. Delve into Town's mysteries, investigate bizarre incidents, find legendary treasure and take your place in a magic world!
5658 | Join Shaun the Sheep and his friends Timmy and Shirley on this epic adventure journeying through caverns, the busy streets of London and through outer space all in search of the green grass of home. Now with new multiplayer modes, controller support, widescreen graphics and much, much more!
5659 | Feel the joy of smashing flesh! Upgrade your training and feel DA POWER! C'mon! Laugh it up with the goofs of dating! Spooge all over the place! The baddest bitches in the universe... await your challenge!
5660 | A dark sci-fi mech assembling manager with semi-auto battles against mutating, alien bio-weapon.
5661 | Zet Zillions is a single-player roguelike deckbuilder where you use your cards to make freakish combinations and explode entire planets. BIG-BADDA-BOOM!
5662 | Build your own digital retail empire and serve customers from around the globe! E-commerce Simulator 2025 offers you a comprehensive virtual trading experience where you can showcase and sell various products.
5663 | The Voice of Cards series are RPGs where everything is shown through the medium of cards. Enjoy a truly unique gaming experience from the minds of YOKO TARO, Keiichi Okabe and Kimihiko Fujisaka.
5664 | Brothel Tycoon is a simulation game where you are in the role of Yvonne, a young entrepreneur who wants to turn a small cafe into a luxurious place for adult entertainment.
5665 | Experience an unforgettable adventure in space and time. Explore new worlds, face Daleks, Cybermen and Weeping Angels and join two Doctors on an epic quest to save the universe from an unstoppable new threat in this first-person narrative adventure.
5666 | Be the villain in this Reverse Tower Defense. Send waves after waves of troops to break the enemy defenses. Summon, upgrade your troops and conquer the whole world.
5667 | Explore the underground bunker and the surface of the earth in anticipation of a nuclear explosion, finding various items and painting the black and white picture with colored inks.
5668 | Commander, your strike team is to dive deep into the contaminated city of Sun Stone and get some answers before the mysterious deadly plague spreads . Good luck Commander!
5669 | The award-winning adventure continues in Banner Saga 2! This epic, story-based, role-playing game continues its emotional journey across a breaking world. Bold leadership decisions, wise use of resources, and skillful battle tactics are vital to ensure your viking clans make it through alive.
"5670 | Embark on an epic journey into the heart of the Wild West with ""Deadrock Redemption,"" an open-world RPG that seamlessly blends captivating storytelling, deep character interactions, and an expansive 3D world waiting to be explored."
5671 | The Silver Case – the debut title from world-renowned developer SUDA51 has been fully remastered and localized to English for the first time ever!
5672 | Chip destructible bosses apart pixel-by-pixel in this twin-stick bullet-hell shooter.
5673 | A squad-based tactical RPG with fluid turn-based combat, outpost, and followers management, set in the expansive fantasy world of Zoria. Lead a team of four heroes with their unique skills and perks. Every team member contributes to undertaken battles.
5674 | Navigate your way through an abandoned lab and uncover its mysteries. Search for useful items such as clothing and important potions. Most importantly, try to resist any temptation that comes your way!
5675 | Airline Tycoon Deluxe is a funny economy simulation proceeding in realtime and assigning you the complete responsibility for an airline.
5676 | Play POOL NATION and become mesmerised by our balls, entranced by our decals & unashamedly attached to our cues, so join us please, & just have fun playing pool!! WARNING: contains addictive content!! Pool Nation, with WORKSHOP integration AVAILABLE NOW in our Crazy Mode the Box Of Tricks (Out Now)!
5677 | A game about writing nice letters to real people. Write and receive encouraging letters in a cozy room. Trade stickers and listen to chill music. We're all in this together. Sometimes all you need are a few kind words.
5678 | A first-person action horror game set in a nightmarish manor infested with zombies, psychotic cultists, and a horde of other horrors. Utilize an assortment of different weapons in a brutal fight for survival as you try to escape from the Nightmare of Decay.
5679 | 'Trump Simulator 2025' is a silly little game. Run the country while flying in Air Force One, thousands of feet in the air. Immerse yourself into the role of the President Elect!
5680 | Trouble stirs on the shores of Aurania. An ambitious new faction has unearthed forbidden relics capable of catastrophic consequences. But how far will they go to achieve glory? Take to the battlefield, sea, and sky with a cast of new Commanders, using your wits to wage turn-based war!
5681 | Bioweaver is an RPG game with the main content of treasure hunting and character building. You can use basic programming logic to deeply customize your skill sets, and you can also create organs with different attributes and functions with the special crafting system.
5682 | My Village Life is an open world village simulator vehicle driving game.
5683 | An accidental fire at a funeral forces the police to re-investigate a closed case of massacre. Lin Lixun participates the re-investigation by chances. As the investigation goes deeper, the past of the victims gradually emerges. However, the case becomes more bewildering.
5684 | As a young time traveler, you receive the opportunity to meet the greatest dictator of all time — Stalin. And then what? Everything's up to you! Speak with Joseph, reveal his most hidden secrets, give him advice, and help the vozhd come to world domination! Or... show him what true love is!
5685 | “Lots of Cats in Every Moment” is a game where you find hidden cats while romance unfolds!
5686 | Bridge Constructor Medieval turns back the clock a few centuries to the time of knights and castles. Build sturdy bridges to supply your city with provisions - or cunningly constructed bridges that collapse under the weight of attacking troops, sending the horde of enemies into the abyss below.
5687 | Colette has been living a happy life as an apprentice alchemist, but when a mysterious stranger pays her master Priscilla a visit, Priscilla sets out on a journey. With her master gone, it's up to Colette to inherit the workshop and help those in need while also embarking on adventures of her own!
5688 | Shadow Warrior is a bold reimagining of the classic 3D Realms’ shooter from independent developer Flying Wild Hog (Hard Reset) starring the legendary and quick-witted warrior Lo Wang.
"5689 | ""Legion of Valkyrie"" takes you through the mysterious world hundreds of years ago, challenge your destiny, and become a brave adventurer. Form a diverse team of partners, engage in strategic card battles, and unlock the mysteries of the mysterious world."
5690 | Flashpoint Campaigns: Southern Storm is a grand tactical wargame set at the height of the Cold War, with the action centered on the year 1989.
5691 | Crawl Tactics is a unique hybrid of tactical RPG and roguelike. Manage a party of adventurers and use the environment to your advantage to conquer the dungeon.
5692 | A city-building sim with a historical twist
5693 | Embark on a sparkling journey in this long-awaited sequel to SUNSOFT’s legendary 8-bit platformer Gimmick! Solve puzzles, trick enemies, and explore a physics-based playground. Yumetaro is back!
5694 | WARNING: This game might make you pee your pants! The cult hit Use Your Words is back with all-new prompts and 2x as many mini-games where you compete to write the funniest punchline. You can customize your own playlist of mini-games, there's a new-and-improved spectator mode, and more!
5695 | A fourth-wall-breaking narrative adventure. It’s interview day, and you really need this job—enough to ignore the talking printer, the anomaly corridor, and the ridiculous life-or-death trials your interviewer keeps putting you in. But deep down, you know... something here is very, very wrong.
5696 | Escape the depths of an otherworldly labyrinth in this cinematic puzzle platformer. Explore a hauntingly beautiful world, with three playable characters, in one dark, interconnected story.
5697 | Start a fun-filled adventure with Peppa Pig. Create your style, meet favorite characters, and play in Peppa’s world. It’s just like being in the TV show!
5698 | Simmiland is a god-like card game. In this game you indirectly influence a small civilization by manipulating their surroundings by playing cards 🃏🃏🃏 Playing cards on different biomes and objects will result in different findings. The way you play the game will define how mankind will develop!
5699 | The invasion has begun. Land by sea, launch from gliders, fight in the fields, in the beaches and in the skies. it is time to free France.[/b]
5700 | Aquarium Designer gives you an opportunity to create the aquarium of your dreams! Become a professional whose job is to design it, build it, and fill it with the various underwater wildlife! All types, all sizes - your creativity is your only limit!
"5701 | The long awaited sequel to ""Heart's Medicine - Time to Heal"". An intense, but also funny, medical drama that deals with a lot of life-changing decisions. Become an aspiring doctor at Little Creek Hospital!"
5702 | Hospital 666 is a 1-4 player horror escape game. Traverse through eerie hospital levels while observing the occurrence of anomalies and choosing the correct elevator. Some abnormal bosses will chase you to death, and you must find the right way to escape them.
5703 | Builder Simulator is the perfect game for those who want to build a house, from the ground up, one brick at a time. On easy, the game will guide and teach you by showing you full instruction, but on hard you will get no help - instead rely on your builder skills and make everything yourself.
5704 | The Knight Witch is a metroidvania adventure game with fast-paced, shoot 'em up combat set in a beautifully hand-drawn world. Cast devastating card-based spells, forge close bonds, and make moral choices all in your quest to save your home and discover who's behind the War Golem invasion.
5705 | Spot the lie and beat the liars in 'Contradiction' - the all-video murder mystery adventure!
5706 | Townsmen VR uses the exciting possibilities of virtual reality to further enhance the classic city building game with entirely new gameplay experiences and interactive mechanics. It combines elements of a God-game simulation and a classic building game with the interactive possibilities of VR.
5707 | IronWolf VR is a roomscale submarine game playable either singleplayer or online co-op with motion controls. Built from the ground up for VR, each part of the submarine has been crafted for an optimal VR experience.
5708 | Overcome limited communication with strategic cooperation in this co-op roguelike! Endure the Azoove desert to return a stolen spellbook — before it consumes your city. Trust your friends, play cards, manage resources and defeat the Fiend of Fortune!
5709 | Hello Neighbor: Hide and Seek follows the tragic story of the Neighbor’s family in this dramatic prequel to Hello Neighbor. Experience playing a game of hide-and-seek with your brother as you both deal with the loss of a family member.
5710 | The hottest game in VR/PC with a fresh anime hentai vibe and a growing cast of naughty characters.
5711 | A heavy metal horror game where you hunt monsters from folklore in an open world. Discover enhanced sense powers, elemental arrows, magic and journals from people who came before you. Almost all of the UI exists in the world itself. Created by one of the developers of Skyrim and Fallout.
5712 | It's time to gear up!Get ready for more ghost chain gobbling and frantic action in PAC-MAN® CE-DX+! The award-winning chomping game makes a shattering debut on Steam with even more content and a refined user-interface to compare high scores with your friends!
5713 | Hell is about to get invaded and the sinners trapped inside are about to be freed. But the clueless liberators had no idea how cunning the Devil is. This time, the war between Light and Darkness will be waged not on the battlefield, but on a chess board.
5714 | Leaping from mind-boggling heights, bouncing off Champolines, soaring inches from floating islands, BUD can do it all - that look of mild terror, that’s his daredevil face. Help the adorable little robot collect MOM’s scattered ship parts and return them to the moon.
5715 | Explore a dark world brimming with hidden mysteries, master a diverse combat system, and inhabit the dual forces of two sisters in a coming-of-age dark fantasy story with fast-paced action, vicious enemies, and spectacular boss fights.
5716 | Sequel to the best-seller ​The Red Solstice​. Plan your strategy and infiltrate a real-time tactical battlefield - alone or with up to 7 squad members. Can you demonstrate the combat prowess to survive and secure a future for humanity?
5717 | The great exploits of the Ancient Rus in the war with the lizards. Immerse yourself in the world of Hyperborea and defeat hordes of Lizards and other unholy who encroached on holy places Ancestors. Choose a blessed hero and go save the world from the green plague.
5718 | Explore and uncover the mystery of a surreal alien world by blasting aliens and glitching your environment in this intense retro side-scrolling action/adventure.
5719 | Furry Feet...Or Paws if you prefer. Does anything else has to be said?
5720 | In a final struggle for survival, demonkind again invaded the human world. However, the world they return to after years in the darkness isn't the same as it once was...
5721 | The ultimate racing management sim - Strategize, customize, refine to create your racing edge. Hire, research, win sponsors and attract the best drivers all while managing every aspect of your 90’s race team.
5722 | Bunhouse is a cute, simple, bunny-filled game focused on growing plants and managing a greenhouse with fellow buns. Take care of your leafy plant buddies by balancing the amount of water and light they get. Play with friends and upgrade your greenhouse for wholesome, relaxing fun.
5723 | My Lust Wish is an erotic RPG where you control Ashley, an innocent new student at Creamy Ridge Liberal Arts College. Step into her shoes and uncover the secrets of your succubi ancestry and your blossoming thirst for sex.
5724 | A tactile music maker with endless freedom to play! Use gadgets, gizmos and funky melodic toys to piece together a hand-crafted music track. Share what you make! Unlock new instruments! ODDADA!
5725 | MicroWorks is a competitively lighthearted party game where you and up to 16 other players compete through a series of microgames and boss stages to reach the top of the scoreboard and unleash chaos!
5726 | Relax and unleash your creativity in this new city building puzzle game. Create amazing landscapes and discover wide range of structures with special abilities. Enter the world of beauty and tranquility with the panoramas of your own creation and don't forget to pet your new animal friends!
5727 | Let Hero fight monsters while you do other things. Grind to gain experience and progress on the massive skill tree. Unlock new maps, drop the best loot and fight increasingly difficult enemies in medieval fantasy idle RPG.
5728 | Secret story between the mansion manager and three women
5729 | Fight Angel is the girl fighting game with great customization functions with physical effects that make realistic boobs movements and clothing destruction systems. Let's fight the challenger with your partner! This is a special edition of Fight Angel.
5730 | Solve hidden items and puzzles while avoiding abyssal zombies and traps at school.
5731 | A futa x female friends-with-benefits visual novel illustrated by Sulcate. Features full voice acting.
5732 | The critically-acclaimed puzzle game produced by legendary creator Tetsuya Mizuguchi comes to PC.
5733 | Cadria Item Shop is a casual simulation game with RPG elements. Craft legendary items, hire heroes, and expand your shop to rebuild the town. Join a mighty guild, fight together in faction wars and send your heroes to explore the mystic lands of Cadria! All of this and much more awaits you!
5734 | Travel the kingdom as Jester with his best friend Sok to improvise theatre shows and perform on stages far and wide. Sing your hearts out, crack jokes and impress audiences to become the stars of the famous Royal Theatrical Spectacle!
5735 | Escape from an incredibly dangerous, randomly generated tower in a slapstick, roguelite adventure that looks like a cartoon and feels like a joke. Slashy slashy!
5736 | Gun Frog is a unique physics-based movement shooter where you bounce on lily pads, kill flies and explore a vibrant world as a frog that ate a gun.
5737 | When you have a top-of-the-line hacking deck armed with a 56.6k modem and a staggering 256k RAM, it means just one thing: you answer only to the highest bidder.
5738 | Discover the true power of rice in Sakuna: Of Rice and Ruin! Take on hordes of demons in side-scrolling combat to reclaim the land as Sakuna, a spoiled harvest goddess banished to a dangerous island. Then, return to your mountain village and tend a field full of glorious rice.
5739 | The original Euro Truck Simulator - the game which has become the classic of the genre and is still relevant today. The first truck simulation game in a European setting, with European long haul trucks!
5740 | Play as a workaholic young adult who finds romance in an unexpected place, an all-male massage parlor.
5741 | Zan and her orc sisters must fight to save their homeland from a demonic invasion! Immerse yourself in a sprawling underground world where the rich lore, exploration and puzzles of classic adventure games blend with the visceral combat of a 90s' shooter.
5742 | “Meiji Tokyo Renka Full Moon” (also known as “Meikoi”) is a historical romance fantasy game in which the main character travels back in time to the Meiji era and meets and falls in love with the great figures of history. Having ability changes her relationship with them....
5743 | Heroes VI is a fast-paced epic story where Angels plot to end -- once and for all -- an unfinished war with their ancient rivals, the Faceless.
5744 | Hands of Necromancy is a Dark Fantasy FPS metroidvania, inspired by classics such as Heretic and made with the GZDoom engine. Wield weapons, magic or transform into a fearsome monster to slay your foes, then raise them as undead servants and unleash even more carnage to become a master Necromancer!
5745 | Griftlands is a deck-building roguelite where you negotiate, fight, steal or otherwise persuade others to get your way. Every decision is important, be it the jobs you take, the friends you make, or the cards you collect.
5746 | Year 1976, the stormy Cultural revolution has died down, hard times of hongweibing and public critics are coming to an end. Old and sick Mao Zedong will soon leave China to his comrades from CPC. The Cold War is coming into a new phase...
5747 | 13 Sports in 1 Game ! What type of sports acitivities will be safer during the pandemic era? All in One sports VR offers the most safe way to keep you healthy for both physically and mentally with zero contact.
5748 | The Disney 16-bit classics Aladdin and The Lion King return!
5749 | Watch as this nostalgic yet completely reimagined storybook world unravels before your very eyes. Taking cues from both Ghosts 'n Goblins and Ghouls 'n Ghosts and giving birth to something entirely new, Resurrection is a title worthy of its name.
5750 | Join Garfield and his friends in the funniest fast and fur-ious game! What character do you want to play with? Garfield, Odie, Jon, Nermal... you choose! Take part in no-holds-barred crazy races.
5751 | Explore this mysterious post-apocalyptic world by finding cute cats and this black and white world will be colore.
5752 | Blast your way through the streets of Hong Kong in a fast-paced, top-down shooter. Inspired by classic action movies, The Hong Kong Massacre places you at the center of a hard-boiled revenge story, filled with brutal, cinematic shootouts and vivid underworld locations.
5753 | Control the lovely little witch Nobeta, explore the unknown mysterious castle, and gradually discover the truth!
"5754 | In a world where flying through the sky is as simple as riding a bicycle, the sport ""Flying Circus"" is all the rage. Following the discovery of anti-gravitons, special shoes that allow an individual to fly, Anti-Graviton Shoes, took the world by storm."
5755 | Battlefleet Gothic: Armada is the RTS videogame adaptation of Games Workshop’s classic tabletop game, pitting the Chaos, Imperium, Eldar, and Orks against each other in visceral space-battles.
5756 | Magic Research is a text-based incremental game about Magic. You are the headmaster of a newly-created institution of Magic. Will you be able to lead your school to win the prestigious Tournament of Magic?
5757 | Silent Depth 2: Pacific is a lite sub-sim. You enter the Silent Service at the command of a Gato class submarine on War Patrols during World War 2. How long will you survive, and ultimately how much tonnage you sink is down to skill and cunning.
5758 | Them’s Fightin’ Herds is a 2D fighting game featuring a cast of adorable animals designed by acclaimed cartoon producer Lauren Faust. Beneath the cute and cuddly surface, a serious fighter awaits!
"5759 | You are entrusted with training five ""troubled"" influencers from Mountain & Sea Media, and gain the “Heart Probe” ability which allows you to uncover girls’ inner thoughts. Use your wisdom and ability to help them meet their training KPIs, while discovering their real selves beneath their facades."
5760 | Years into a brutal lockdown, a once-thriving city lies in ruins, abandoned by its government and overrun by vicious, mindless infected. Grab your hammer, collect your nerves and enter the mayhem.
5761 | Join the adventure and become the master of the metro in our game, which takes you into the underground world. Overcome challenges on the tracks from the cabin of a historic train. Can you complete the route, transport all passengers, and avoid delays?
5762 | Get set for a vivid sensory rush as you spin and match explosive gems for shockwaves of fun. Rotate jewels freely to set up electrifying combos, outwit surprising obstacles like Locks and Bombs, and create high-voltage Flame and Lightning gems.
5763 | Moons of Madness is a first-person, story-driven cosmic horror game where the scientific exploration of Mars meets the supernatural dread of Lovecraft.
"5764 | This version of Operation: Harsh Doorstop is updated nightly with all ""work-in-progress"" features that are currently being developed for the game. Our development team uses this to organize exclusive playtests for our paid supporters. You can gain access to these events by purchasing the game here."
5765 | Besiege castles and raid villages in Chivalry: Medieval Warfare, a fast-paced medieval first person slasher with a focus on multiplayer battles
5766 | • Over-the-top combat with combos and hard-hitting morph attacks • Wild, varied gameplay sequences for all types of gamers • Hand-drawn animation feels like playing a cartoon • Drop-in couch co-op for three players
5767 | Mecha action shooter, plunging the player into an apocalyptic war. Engage in epic battles with endless hordes of monsters in your powerful customizable mechs.
5768 | They called you a hero; you call them fools. Use your telepathy romance old friends and fight new enemies as you become the greatest villain Los Diablos has ever known!
5769 | Beautiful Multiplayer Jigsaw Puzzle game where you can design the room you play in!
5770 | Pat the alligator, a (mostly) harmless and (probably) innocent reptile is at the center of a conspiracy that could bring down the biggest, scariest family in Alligator New York City: his own! Explore the city, meet the Family, and try to save Pat before the clock runs out.
5771 | You are the prey. Unknown Tapes is a horror video game that employs the found footage technique to narrate a story focused on survival in a modern setting overrun by dinosaurs. It aims for realism and draws inspiration from Dino Crisis and Outlast.
5772 | Gothic II: Gold Edition brings together the excitement of Gothic II and the add-on Night of the Raven to your fingertips!
5773 | A stunning mix of visual novel and relationship-simulating elements as they make decisions that shape the main plot. Each character featured in the game has its unique storyline to discover, with various daily actions, stats, and events set in place to strengthen the gameplay experience.
5774 | NTR'd By Clumsiness is an NTR kinetic novel full of comedy and accidental infidelity! As Chris welcomes his late friend's clumsy son in his house, watch as his wife Natasha bends over backward (by tripping and falling) to make his stay comfortable. Accidental sex is the name of the game (literally)!
5775 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
5776 | The pleasure of assembling, admiring, and interacting with your own Dioramas collection, without ever losing a piece.
5777 | My Child Lebensborn is a story-driven nurture game based on real events. Play as the adoptive parent of Karin or Klaus, and experience the struggles they go through alongside them. Balance your time and resources wisely, while helping your child cope with the effects of hatred.
"5778 | A roguelite 3D action game for adults that challenges the lair of lewd demons with a desperate fighting force. Designed to pinch the heroine, the game offers a ""normal play and lose"" experience despite being an adult game."
5779 | EmergeNYC is a simulation of New York City's Emergency Services. Drive over 30 different Emergency Vehicles with up to 32 of your friends through busy City Streets with blazing sirens and air horns. Take the role of a firefighter, medic, or police officer and ride with your friends to emergencies
5780 | Astroloot is a sci-fi bullet heaven infused with deep ARPG mechanics. Loot, level up, and customize your ship through a massive skill tree and deterministic crafting. Create a build that’s truly your own, as you uncover the secrets hidden within the Astroloot Sector.
5781 | Fantasy Aquarium offers an effortless way to enhance your gaming experience. You can nurture a diverse range of small fish with unique characteristics and construct a vibrant fantasy world from scratch, transforming mundane fish-keeping into an engaging pursuit.
5782 | A single-player journey of discovery through an ancient world of wonders, created by solo developer Jonas Manke.
5783 | Aurora, a young girl from 1895 Austria, awakens on the lost fairytale continent of Lemuria. To return home she must fight against the dark creatures of the Queen of the Night, who have stolen the sun, the moon and the stars. At stake is not only Lemuria, but Aurora’s true destiny.
5784 | Arcade-style rhythm pumping FREE FULL BODY TRACKING on VR & PC. Empowered by mobile/webcam AI tracking. Groove to 100s of community songs and maps IN-GAME plus viral dance videos and MVs.
5785 | EHM offers fans the most realistic, in-depth and immersive simulation of hockey management available, giving them the chance to manage either club or country in any of the world’s top hockey-playing nations.
5786 | Dive into a surreal ocean abyss in an atmospheric puzzle-adventure. Explore dangerous waters, possess sea creatures and solve environmental puzzles to discover what lies deep below the surface…
5787 | “Probably the best downloadable title on the market right now.” 9/10 – Eurogamer.se
5788 | Embark on a journey full of danger in this action RPG, inspired by Greek and Roman mythologies. Explore the breathtaking city of Aphes and forge your way through legions of unique foes and mythical bosses to discover the truth behind the city’s curse.
5789 | Explore 12 horror games made in 10 days connected by a meta narrative experience you didn't expect. Step into a world of darkness and discover the secrets you didn't know were right beneath the surface. Find the tapes and unlock the mystery inside the Dread X Collection 2.
5790 | Your job is to monitor live surveillance camera footage and spot anomalies in the monitored rooms. Anomalies range from furniture movement to otherworldly intruders. When you spot an anomaly you have to file a report to fix it. You will need sharp eyes and good memory to survive the entire night.
5791 | Experience the thrill of attempting to escape the BDSM palace of pleasure with hot fully voiced-over dominatrices hot on your heels.
5792 | The Caribbean, in the turbulent 17th Century. The mighty kingdoms of Spain, England, France and the Netherlands fight over the colonies. And there you are, a young sea captain whose only goal is to become the most powerful man in the New World.
5793 | Dad, it's time to start our journey together! Princess Maker 2 is a simulation-style childcare game where you experience raising a daughter gifted to you by the stars.
5794 | You are the guardian of a cursed labyrinth and must prevent an adventurer from escaping with the help of your monsters. But the adventurer keeps trying again and again, accumulating levels and getting stronger... Survive to the highest possible level !
5795 | The world has ended. You are deep underground, and all alone with a cheery AI companion. You will have to mine and build to survive, and search for other survivors to help you. Will you be able to reach the surface? And what will you find when you get there?
5796 | Beneath the streets of London, an angry mouse seeks revenge against the god who stole his tail. An epic RPG of miniature proportions!
5797 | Mashinky is a transport strategy game about trains. The goal is to create your own transport empire on a procedurally generated map. It’s a unique blend of realistic graphics combined with an isometric construction mode and board game-like rules.
5798 | Build your own capybara spa in this relaxing point and click simulation game! Grow fruits, craft soaps and clean towels to pamper the capybaras during their visit. Furnish the mountain with gardens, baths and decorations to design the best capybara spa!
5799 | Folklands is a relaxing settlement builder with a retro look and feel set in a fantasy Nordic-inspired world. Harvest, produce and trade resources from multiple production chains as you grow your settlement. Keep your folks happy and safe and tend to their needs in a living and changing world.
5800 | For the first time in the series’ history, Strategic Command will be taking you to the 19th century battlefields of the American Civil War. You will control the armies, research, production and diplomatic policy of either the Union or the Confederacy during a time of innovation and dramatic battles.
5801 | Worlds collide as your cursed inheritance throws you into the middle of a series of mysterious events. Discover terrifying secrets as you follow your uncle’s disappearance, and confront a terrible truth that will change your life forever in this cosmic horror first-person adventure.
5802 | Unleash your inner bear in this over-the-top bullet-hell FPS! Embark on a zany retro-futuristic adventure and destroy oil-thirsty robots with an outrageous arsenal. Transform into a bear, wield unique powers, and embrace the absurd fast-paced action of Bears in Space!
5803 | Welcome to the molester's paradise that is a train packed to 300% capacity.
5804 | Split/Second is an intense action racing game set within a reality TV show. Competitors vie to be the first to the finish line in a set rigged to blow. Players don’t just collide with other vehicles to knock them from the track, but can also trigger devastating events that alter the race dynamics.
5805 | Explore the corners of a surrealistic post-human world to give life on Earth a second chance in this touching story about sacrifice and hope.
5806 | CUCKOLD SIMULATOR, the exciting new game where you play as Cuckold (that is his name) in his day-to-day life. Work hard, give all your money to the bull, and be verbally abused by your fat wife.
5807 | Shape your fears… Fear the shapes. Embark on a journey where you face your worst fears and are confronted with the emotional impact of your actions in this narrative adventure game with puzzles, stealth and action.
"5808 | Word Factori is a word-building game where your only resource is the letter ""i"". Build a chain of factories to bend, rotate, reflect, and merge ""i"" into more complex letters. Discover secret letter recipes, unlock hidden word art, and optimize your factory chains for high scores."
5809 | Fight, fly, flourish! BLUE REVOLVER is a manic arcade-style shoot-em-up built for newcomers and psychos alike. Powerful special weapons cut through tough areas, while an adaptive difficulty system tailors the game to your skill level as you evade and counter a maniac environmental force!
"5810 | ""Faaast Penguin"" is a wild and thrilling knockout action racing game where up to 40 penguins collide in a chaotic race to the finish! It's free with cross-platform support! Unleash attacks! Hop on ULTIMATE RIDES! Use shortcuts! Pass your rivals and reach the finish line first!"
5811 | South of the Circle is a deep narrative experience of the emerging relationship between Peter and Clara, Cambridge academics involved in a political conflict. The story focuses on promises made in between career and true love, where our choices burdened by our past seem to be illusory.
5812 | Prepare yourself for the most thrilling night of your life! Something strange has happened and people everywhere are turning into blood thirsty walking corpses. But guess who’s the brains behind this hungry undead army? YOU! So spread this pandemic and wipe humanity off the planet.
5813 | ibb & obb is a two player cooperative game set in a puzzle filled world where gravity goes both up and down. You can only succeed by working closely together. Find a friend for some true local co-op couch fun or match up online.
"5814 | ""Haydee"" is a hardcore old-style metroidvania mixed with modern-day third person shooter and platformer mechanics. As well as a sexy character."
"5815 | ""All ended well.There was nothing to grieve about."" A farewell, and a greeting."
5816 | Hunt during the day, be hunted during the NIGHT! Scarlet Tower is a gothic horror casual game with roguelike and RPG elements, like talent trees, classes, familiars and more!
"5817 | ""Richman10"" is a classic chess game in which players earn money by luck (dicing) and strategy (buying land and buying cards) to defeat other players. Fine arts adopt pure 3D Q version of the original painting style. Game modes include: story mode, biography mode, multi-person hot seat mode, network mode."
5818 | Experience the blockbuster physics platformer, now in VR! Human Fall Flat VR features an intuitive 3rd-person view designed especially for VR headsets.
5819 | Wreak havoc on countless foes with mighty weapons and deadly spells! Enhance your skills and face even greater dangers! Army of Ruin is an auto-shooter where you become the Bullet Hell.
5820 | Go on heists through Midnight City alone or with up to three friends to fulfill tasks as a hacker for various organizations. Improve your reputation, earn money and uncover the secrets of shady companies in this co-op horror game.
5821 | Take control of a giant mech and dive into an exciting underground adventure in a dieselpunk world! Dig deep, collect valuable minerals, upgrade wisely, explore diverse locations, uncover ancient secrets, and try not to explode! Will you save the world or vanish in the depths below?
5822 | Tales Of Glory is setting a new standard for medieval melee fights, bringing best of both worlds by combining large scale battles and full physics one vs many combat, everything packed into a 30+ hours sandbox campaign
5823 | The tragedy of Hinamizawa is over. Those held captive within its grip are free from the fate that bound them to June 1983. Yet the tale of Hinamizawa is not truly complete. There are many worlds not yet explored.
"5824 | A spin-off minigame collection of ""Needy Streamer Overload"". Meet your internet angel in this retro-style game world!"
5825 | Explore gorgeous raytraced voxel lands, meet the local mutated wild-life, find out what went wrong, and quest, craft, loot, build, destroy and shoot your way to the top of the foodchain! Play alone, or with friends! Assuming you know how to share..
5826 | You are Adonis Creed, fighting toe-to-toe with the world’s top opponents to establish your boxing legacy. This intense cinematic experience features new Phantom Melee Technology for impactful VR melee combat so you can train, fight, and win like Creed.
5827 | Keep your disposable android-body alive by automating everything. Automate farming, foraging, crafting and capturing - and even assimilate creatures into your production lines during your impossible mission to relight the world.
5828 | Leave home for the first time to collect memories before a mysterious cataclysm washes everything away. Ride, record, meet people, and unravel the strange world around you in this third-person meditative exploration game.
5829 | Ratten Reich is an RTS focusing on realistic combat in a unique, steampunk/dieselpunk world ripped apart by an ongoing war between rats, mice, cockroaches, and lizards.
5830 | Pilot the Megacopter, a sentient weapon that gains power by feeding on the blood of its enemies. Play through the campaign featuring seek and destroy, boss, rescue, and defense missions against the evil reptoid army. Upgrade Megacopter with the fabled AZ-TECH: ancient weaponry and armor.
5831 | Take the wheel in this ultimate off-road automotive experience designed for VR, with all-new vehicles and tools to navigate harsh landscapes.
5832 | Face your friends in UpGun! Use each round to accumulate skills and overtake your opponents in this crazy deathmatch!
5833 | Join your fellow Marked Inquisitors in this online coop successor to award-winning 2016 Soulslike Salt and Sanctuary.
5834 | PegIdle is a Pachinko idle game! Aim and shoot your balls to clear all the pegs on the board. Recieve gold by hitting the golden pegs or by landing balls into the moving bucket. Purchasing auto ball drop will automaticly drop balls onto the board. Spend your gold on new balls and ball upgrades!
5835 | Springs of Ardor is a visual novel game that takes players on a thrilling journey through a nudist resort on a tropical paradise island, where nudity reigns supreme! Get ready for an indulgent escape filled with gratuitous nudity at every turn!
5836 | Dragon Marked For Death is a 2D side-scrolling action RPG game where up to 4 players can play together in online multiplayer. The characters, known as the Dragonblood Clan, have forged a pact with the Astral Dragon, which granted them special new powers.
5837 | We're obsessed with creating the most realistic VR table tennis simulator the world has ever seen. After 5 years and countless hours of hard work, we believe that we have accomplished that goal.: : : [Play over Oculus Link/AirLink/Virtual Desktop Not Recommended: the tracking will be much worse]
5838 | Care for and nurture a tribe of little people by teaching them the basics of survival. They need to become farmers, builders, scientists, parents and make decisions about unpredictable 'island events'! Guide their day-to-day lives and help them explore and restore their new home.
5839 | Regular Human Workshop is a 2D physics simulation sandbox. There are no predefined goals or objectives. Simply throw objects into the world and interact with them in various ways.
5840 | As Luke Skywalker and the Rebel Alliance struggle to defeat Darth Vader and the Empire, a new threat arises. Dark Prince Xizor aspires to take Darth Vader's place at the Emperor's side. As Dash Rendar, it's up to you to protect Luke and help the Alliance. May the Force be with you!
5841 | For 3-8 players and an audience of thousands! Your phones or tablets are your controllers! The game of terrible drawings and hilariously wrong answers.
5842 | Recruit a team of misfits with unique abilities and unforgettable personalities, and chase the Banished Court to the ends of the earth in a mix of real-time infiltration, turn-based tactical combat, and a character-driven story of adventure and intrigue.
5843 | Experience the freedom of unbounded climbing as you take control of BUD, a procedurally animated robot on a quest to save his planet. Create your own path through an alien world as you control and ride a giant plant on a vertical journey to the stars.
5844 | Welcome to Cow's Girl Café, an engaging incremental game that will transport you to a one-of-a-kind coffee shop. Your mission? Running a coffee shop where fresh milk is the secret ingredient to success, coming directly from two special girls.
5845 | Flibbius McDoogle and the Mysterious Flying Machine is a short adventure puzzle game. Use your wits, creativity and puzzle solving ability to help Flibbius take to the skies!
5846 | Drunkn Bar Fight is a simple, immersive, silly, rowdy game. Now with 4 player Co-op! The only limits to the mayhem is your imagination and your moral decency.
5847 | Hexarchy is an innovative, fast-paced, historical 4x strategy game where you use cards and deckbuilding to make your decisions. Single-player and online multiplayer.
5848 | Tailbound is a lewd & gay top-down furry hack n' slash adventure!
5849 | Survival Horror, with an erotic twist. A zombie outbreak ravages the world- you find yourself caught in the wrong place, at the wrong time. Stranded on the wrong side of the outbreak, will you be able to survive and fend off the shuffling hordes?
5850 | Layers of Fear is a first-person psychedelic horror game with a heavy focus on story and exploration. Players take control of a painter whose sole purpose is to finish his Magnum Opus. The player must navigate a constantly changing Victorian-era mansion and ghastly visions of the painter’s psyche.
5851 | Tentacle monster 『Ruth』 has a peculiar ability...... to 『brainwash any women he raped』. Though limited to women, as long as the conditions are met he is invincible! But there's just one problem, without it Ruth is nothing but a weakling with zero combat ability!
5852 | Go on an adventure in a world packed with secrets helped by your friend, a poulp with many abilities. Explore, solve puzzles, wander across dungeons, blast through races and much more in this cute game inspired by the best 3D platformers
5853 | Inspired by 16 and 32-bit classics, Gestalt: Steam & Cinder fuses tight 2D platforming and exhilarating combat with an engrossing, twist-laden narrative in a stunningly handcrafted steampunk world.
5854 | The one and only non-linear adventure with 100 different endings. Don't just wishlist me. I'm not that expensive... also, look at those reviews!
5855 | Dungeons & Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara brings reworkings of two of Capcom’s classic arcade hits - Dungeons & Dragons: Tower of Doom and Dungeons & Dragons: Shadow over Mystara – together in one definitive digital package.
5856 | DINOSAURS. PIXELS. PYROCLASTIC DOOM WALLS. MASSIVE INDIE CROSSOVERS. Dino Run DX has all of that and more. Come rediscover the original runner and escape extinction all over again.
"5857 | The long-awaited sequel to La-Mulana, La-Mulana 2 follows Lumisa Kosugi as she explores the ancient ruins of La-Mulana. Desperate to find the cause of the recent slew of monsters appearing from the ruins, Lumisa discovers the ""other"" La-Mulana: the ruins known as Eg-Lana."
5858 | Impossible Creatures is a 3D RTS game that pits the player against an evil villain. Using Earth’s most formidable animals as building blocks, the player must create an army of genetically-altered mutant monsters in a titanic struggle to protect an unsuspecting world.
5859 | Staffer Case is a new sort of mystery game, asking players to find clues, arrange them into documents, and point out the contradictions between them to solve a series of murders. Each mystery unraveled leads you closer to the truth lying at the heart of each case!
5860 | Join mage-in-training Lily on an epic adventure! Explore a multitude of worlds, including forests, deserts, and dungeons, in hopes of becoming a full-fledged mage!
5861 | Delve into a gritty, raw and atmospheric fantasy world in which every action has a consequence. In the epic world of Risen, filled with mysterious earthquakes, fearsome monsters and unimaginable treasures, forge your path with the sword, learn the art of staff fighting or become a powerful mage.
5862 | From the vibrant streets of Tokyo to high-stakes professional competitions backed by global brands, Torque Drift 2 invokes all aspects of drift and street culture to offer an experience as diverse and dynamic as the motorsport itself.
5863 | The continent of Runersia is home to six major powers with more than 40 bases, 100 knights, and 50 types of monsters. Select a ruler, organize knights and monsters into troops, and conquer enemy bases!
5864 | Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action-adventure game with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic. If you love games with perfect platforming, beautiful art, infectious music, lovable bosses, humor and levity, and real heart… Shovel Knight is for you!
5865 | An interactive horror experience of exploring a missing woman’s phone.
5866 | For Desktop or VR! In this 3 chapter story, you play as a modern day legend, Detective Thomas Moore. He has solved more cases than one can count, where others hit dead-ends, he gets to work.
5867 | ✨A language learning adventure where you must learn and communicate in a second language to save the kingdom and befriend its people! 🎮
5868 | The Floor is Hot Lava! Run, jump, climb, and surf across nostalgia-packed environments flooded with hot molten lava. Explore alone, or join your friends. And whatever you do, don’t touch the floor.
5869 | A dungeon in danger ! Build, manage, and defend your tower in the satirical heroic fantasy universe of Dungeon of Naheulbeuk. From a shaky establishment to an infamous lair!
5870 | Selected by the fickle finger of fate, Abe™, floor-waxer first class for RuptureFarms, was catapulted into a life of adventure when he overheard plans by his boss, Molluck the Glukkon™, to turn Abe and his fellow Mudokons into Tasty Treats as part of a last-ditch effort to rescue Molluck's failing meat-packing empire.
5871 | From the universe of Shakes & Fidget, the NEW Team Battle RPG dungeon crawler!
5872 | Command the Nimbatus and craft drones out of hundreds of different parts. Survive unknown threats in a fully destructible, procedural universe, compete against other players in different arenas or enjoy complete creative freedom in the sandbox.
5873 | Relive the celebrated real-time strategy classic Praetorians, re-imagined in high definition. Praetorians is set amidst the political machinations of an emerging Roman Empire.
5874 | Welcome to Epic Fantasy Battle Simulator, the most immersive medieval battle simulator to date! Throw tens of thousands of soldiers into battle, enjoy the show, or take control of one of them to prove your valor! The only limit is your imagination! Or maybe your CPU?
"5875 | The open-world survival role-playing game ""Bad 2 Bad: Apocalypse"" tells the story of Delta Team and his comrades as they work to rebuild a world devastated by humans and their race turned into zombies."
5876 | Give rise to wonders of the Aztec Civilization as you build your own magnificent metropolis in this ancient city builder. From humble beginnings build, trade, manage and conquer to become Tlatoani (Emperor).
5877 | Reintroduce yourself to this classic YDKJ sequel! All the fun of Volume 1, but with completely different questions, host, and smell! YOU DON’T KNOW JACK Volume 2 is the mutant offspring of the original award-winning, irreverent, fast-paced trivia game where you are a contestant on a manic game show.
5878 | Saddle up your Superbike and show what you’re made of while racing in the official 2022 WorldSBK™. After ten years, SBK™ returns with a title more immersive and engaging than ever!
5879 | Explore this amazing steampunk world finding cute cats and paint black - white locations with colored paints.
5880 | Choose a side, master your moves, and embrace your destiny in an epic beat 'em up adventure inspired by the hit show. Take control of 8 playable characters with deep movesets, combos, progression, real-time character swaps, ultimate attacks, and much more!
5881 | STREWTH! It's time to go back Down Under with this fully remastered version of TY the Tasmanian Tiger 2: Bush Rescue. Rang, bite, smash and glide your way around the Australian Outback and stop the evil machinations of the diabolical BOSS CASS in this open world adventure.
5882 | Dive into Fantasy Online 2, a rich 2D pixel art MMORPG full of adventure. Master diverse skills, join a guild, explore pixelated zones, and engage in simple fun mmorpg combat. Hundreds of items are waiting for you to collect across 4 characters! Join the fun today!
5883 | Progress through the cursed depths of a nightmare while finding an arsenal of powerful weapons and improving your abilities along the way. This retro-inspired FPS with looter shooter and rogue-lite elements breaches the wall between classic and modern gameplay.
5884 | An anime-inspired supernatural detective game. Uncover the identities and powers of your adversaries using a conspiracy board full of evidence.
5885 | Get ready to massacre monsters, race your rivals, and combat corpses of your fellow guards as you race to escape Black Iron Prison in the critically acclaimed roguelike, [REDACTED].
"5886 | ""League of Angels – Heaven's Fury"" is a revolutionary 3D online action RPG that takes place in a fantastical world loosely based on Western mythology."
5887 | Sunday Gold is a point-and-click, turn-based adventure game set in grim, dystopian future. Play as a ragtag trio of criminals to hunt down and expose the dark secrets of an evil mega-corporation and the malevolent billionaire behind it.
5888 | The Takeover is a side-scrolling beat'em up inspired by 90's classics such as Streets of Rage and Final Fight. Battle solo or alongside a friend in local co-op while listening to awesome tunes from Little V Mills, Richie Branson, James Ronald and industry legend Yuzo Koshiro!
5889 | Over a dozen adorable girls of various professions must pick up weapons to protect themselves and strive to survive in this dangerous dungeon filled with various monsters!
5890 | Bob and Case just wanted a quiet night… but fate (and a clogged toilet) had other plans. When a clueless friend ignores an important warning and decides to take a dump in a broken toilet, the nightmare begins.
5891 | Trivia Tricks is a quiz game featuring 8-player online where friends play free with Friend Pass! Play competitively against your friends or team up to take on trivia bosses in Co-Op! Pick from a ton of categories including user-created Quiz Packs in Steam Workshop!
5892 | Comedy and hentai! Name a more iconic duo! Play the role of promiscuous Anne in this 2D Visual Novel. Help fulfill all her crazy sexual fantasies and make her dream come true! There's no way anything could go wrong, right...?
5893 | You're trapped in an old English pub. Unravel a chilling tale by identifying anomalies while trying to escape. Confront the horror as you survive the endless loop of Ten Bells.
5894 | Fling to the Finish is a cooperative racing game where teammates are tethered together by a stretchy elastic rope. Get up close and personal with your partner to maneuver two characters bouncing, rolling, and flinging their way to the finish line!
5895 | When your fate is determined by the universe itself, you don’t have many options. You can either oppose it until the very end or accept it for the rest of your life, but neither choice can change your destiny.
5896 | Master the wonders of alchemy! Solve alchemical puzzles by transforming and combining Essences. Craft items, tools and machines. Explore the enchanting world, gather peculiar resources, and befriend the Agari, adorable mushroom folk who will help you find the cure for your mysterious disease.
5897 | Colony City 27λ is an adult Rougelite game that combines simple card and complex skill set. In the story, there are plenty of challenging malevolent criminals, tentacle creatures, and mechanical enemies. Your battle performance during the adventure will determine the final ending!
5898 | Play as Shido and unravel the secrets of the mysterious spirit Ren in the visual novel follow-up to DATE A LIVE: Rio Reincarnation, based on the acclaimed light novel and anime series.
5899 | Beast Battle Simulator is a physics based battle-simulation sandbox game featuring dinosaurs, animals, and humans. Kamikaze Zebras VS. T-Rex with laser guns, Lions VS. medieval knights; anything is possible! Watch as the beasts dismember and rip each other apart in gory detail!
5900 | Tamas awakening is a 2D visual novel where you play as a young psychologist who obtains a mysterious power to hypnotize people. You use this power to fuck all the girls around you, especially those who live with you. This game features lots and lots of impregnation and breeding dirty talk.
5901 | Dive into a hilarious sandbox BBQ experience with friends! Grill, serve, and manage mayhem as meats soar and sizzle. Craft your grill, cook steaks, and feed everyone before hunger strikes!
5902 | The epitome of a modern traditional roguelike: with turn-based play and a RPG-like skill progression system, it hearkens back to some of the major aspects of this genre. This game has an incredible depth, with a deep inventory system, vehicles and boats, NPCs with their own stories, and more.
5903 | Islands of the Caliph is an old-school inspired action RPG based on Middle Eastern folklore and Islamic spiritual tradition. A KEYBOARD ONLY 1980s style Dungeon Crawler with an open world.
5904 | Do you hate bugs and arachnids? Seeing them creeps you out? Would you like them to disappear off the face of the Earth? GOOD! This is the right game for you! In HW you’ll play as a General of a toy soldiers army, with the sole purpose of saving the owner’s house from the invasion of those damn Bugs.
5905 | Zachtronics is back with an ambitious new design-based puzzle game. Take on the role of a Reactor Engineer working for SpaceChem, the leading chemical synthesizer for frontier colonies. Construct elaborate factories to transform raw materials into valuable chemical products!
5906 | The Age of Decadence is a turn-based, hardcore role-playing game set in a low magic, post-apocalyptic fantasy world. The game features a detailed skill-based character system, multiple skill-based ways to handle quests, choices & consequences, and extensive dialogue trees.
5907 | Flock is a multiplayer co-op game about the joy of flight and collecting adorable flying creatures with your friends. Soar through beautiful landscapes, seeking out rare and elusive creatures to add to your flock.
5908 | Play as Lightning McQueen, a rookie racecar looking to win fame and fortune at the Piston Cup Championship, in the video game adaptation of Disney•Pixar's Cars.
5909 | The Forgotten Realms Archive - Collection One allows you to journey through the set of adventures: the Eye of the Beholder trilogy, a collection of first-person, real-time role-playing games.
5910 | Enter the virtual world of Under A Killing Moon, where it is December 2042, and you, as Tex Murphy, must stop the forces of evil before they destroy mankind and rob you of your next unemployment check. This thrilling and hilarious adventure is unlike anything you've seen before.
5911 | A free to play strip club simulation that offers exciting game play, sexy characters, hardcore uncensored lewd artwork, a nsfw narrative and interactive explicit mini games! Hire sexy new staff, like Barmaids, Busboys, Bouncers and of course Strippers! Manage your liquor and upgrade your club!
5912 | Relive your school days in 3D, where old school graphics bring back timeless fun! Create your own star student and attend a schedule full of classes in time to gather the knowledge you need to thrive, while an equally important popularity contest challenges you survive...
5913 | A space captain accidentally freezes themselves for two thousand years, finding themselves in an unfamiliar galaxy. Fortunately, there's always someone who needs cargo delivered.
5914 | Vivat Slovakia is an open-world action game set in '90s Slovakia, where corruption runs deep and law enforcement is weak. Uncover a gripping story based on true events as you explore and shoot your way through a city at the crossroads of Eastern Europe’s turbulent history.
5915 | Incremental game about smashing with unfolding gameplay and two prestige layers.
5916 | Feign is a role-playing game with a maximum of 12 players that takes place in a small town where innocents, imposters, and neutrals live together. You use your role at night and send a person from the village in the morning. 🤪
5917 | Sexy Emily has been seduced by gorgeous Angel’s alluring eyes. She’s nervous, she’s never done this before. But she’s so ready to take it all in! And as she turns her head to take in Angel’s seductive gaze, her eyes drop lower and see the true reward for her submission!
5918 | Drug Dealing RPG roguelite strategy crime saga with choose your own adventure elements. The police and the jackboys aren't your biggest enemy... Time is!
5919 | ake your T16 through Beggar's Canyon...Then dodge asteroids and blast TIE fighters in a deep space rumble... tackle a fleet of menacing AT-ATs on the icy tundra of Hoth...and ultimately annihilate Vader and the evil Empire with a kamikaze trench run on the infamous Death Star.
5920 | Serious Sam 2 is a shot of adrenaline to the hearts of first-person shooter fans across the world. This is serious!
5921 | Equilinox is a relaxing nature simulation game in which you can create and nurture your own ecosystems. Shape the world to your liking, cultivate and raise hundreds of different species, and evolve your wildlife to unlock more exotic plants and animals.
5922 | From the renowned development studio WayForward Technologies, Inc. (Shantae, River City Girls, Advance Wars 1+2: Re-Boot Camp) comes Yars Rising, a 2D action adventure exploration of one of Atari’s richest, and best known classic titles.
5923 | Aid the Deities of Dread in their quest for vengeance and pave the way for their ascension. Gather grim materials, construct defences and expand the underworld to appease the rage of the gods in The Deadly Path, a unique building management and roguelike strategy game.
5924 | This game is a visual novel game consisting of animation for adults.
5925 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
5926 | This game pursues the ultimate adult sexual love scene, the action is smooth and elegant. The core of the game is full of sexual love contents, including SM, Oral, and Sexual Love in various positions, which will be added in the future. 3P, bondage and other sexual love scenes.
"5927 | A washed-up mad doctor is hired back by a devious former test subject and asked to twist her hospital into a corrupt donation mill. Will he seize this second chance to practice his own vision of ""science,"" or will his many failings drag him down once again in this pseudo-medical visual novel?"
5928 | Alien invaders invaded the planet, having exterminated most of the population, humanity, being on the verge of annihilation, united the armies and gave a serious rebuff to the enemy. After several years of war, the climate on the planet has changed. The military founded fortifications.
5929 | Fight your way across the celestial world of Avalice where cats are green, motorcycles drive up walls and monster girls do most of the buttkicking! Freedom Planet is a cartoony, combat-based platform adventure that pits a spunky dragonoid and her friends against an alien attack force.
5930 | You're the only human male in a world full of monster girls! Run, sneak, and struggle your way through this exciting world with 100 sadistic, cute, and horny monster girls to encounter~!
5931 | Quilts and Cats of Calico is a wholesome, award-winning complex puzzle game for 1 to 4 players. Meet adorable cats and sew the coziest quilts. Compete with other players in multiplayer mode, play solo, or delve into the story of a quilter sewing their way through the city of cats.
5932 | Become a dungeon lord to defend your dungeons with the deadliest of traps and insidious contraptions against greedy adventurers and wannabe heroes.
5933 | 3D Escape Room: Detective Story is an immersive 3D puzzle game that takes you to 1930s London. In the game, you play as an insightful private detective, searching for clues in realistic 3D environments, solving intricate puzzles and mini-games, and cracking bizarre cases.
5934 | A reboot of classic 2D side-scrolling shooters, featuring a new Survival Mode and Workshop system. Fight as a WWII Allied soldier across diverse battlefields with imaginative weapons. Survival Mode brings fresh enemies, epic bosses, and new challenges—relive childhood memories with a twist!
"5935 | ""Internet Cafe & Supermarket Simulator 2024"" is a comprehensive simulation game that combines the management of both an internet cafe and a supermarket. Step into the role of a shop owner, apply your business acumen, and expand your empire step by step."
5936 | Travis Touchdown is back, baby! The otaku assassin takes up his trusty beam katana once more to slash his way to the top of the Galactic Superhero Rankings and save the world in the latest entry in the No More Heroes series.
5937 | The ascendant spacefaring 4X strategy game returns! A new chapter in the epic Master of Orion saga is poised to once again capture the imaginations of millions of gamers.
5938 | A visual novel about emotional survival in an automated world. Play as Lina, the last human cab driver. It’s your first night driving the lonely streets of Los Ojos, and your best friend has just disappeared. Stay on the road. Stay on the search. Stay human.
5939 | Camran, nobleman and smuggler, roams the galaxy. As he becomes part of sinister plans, his life is changed for good... Roam the galaxy in this erotic adventure to unravel the plot that will change the universe forever!
5940 | TowerFall Ascension is the definitive version of the hit archery combat game. Inspired by classics from the golden age of couch multiplayer, it's a 4-player local party game centering around hilarious, intense versus matches. The core mechanics are simple and accessible, but hard to master and combat is fierce.
5941 | Frogun ENCORE is a dashing standalone expansion/sequel to indie hit FROGUN! Join now older Renata and Jake in a trek around the whole world to prevent the return of Beelzebub. ENCORE builds on FROGUN's retro PS1/N64 formula. Plus, enjoy the whole adventure in true couch co-op.
5942 | Jump!
"5943 | Humankind abandoned Earth as it entered another ice age. Over time, those who came to hold dominion over the world were... rabbits!? Stamp, a cute rabbit with an old soul, pilots his trusty mech ""Junkster"" through the giant ruins of a frozen world in this Side-Scrolling Action Adventure."
5944 | Storm the lair of the immortal wizard Yendor in this fast paced, turn based, traditional rogue-like. The massive scope, deep mechanics and challenging gameplay that define the genre distilled into dense and highly varied one hour runs.
5945 | Head back to the Mexiverse in this long-awaited sequel to the smash hit Guacamelee! Uppercut your way to victory across stunning new hand-crafted levels. Featuring a dense and colorful world, new luchador moves, sassy new bosses, twice the enemies, and 300% more chickens!
5946 | Battle against hordes of enemies, conquer Boss encounters, and explore various character and skill combinations in this time-based auto-attacking Roguelite in your quest to become stronger and defeat the most menacing of creatures that lay in wait at the end of each run.
5947 | UnMetal is a 2D stealth action-adventure that pays homage to the classics with a healthy dose of humor and satire. You play as Jesse Fox, who is definitely NOT an elite commando, under arrest for a crime he didn't commit, and must escape a covert military base using his wits and fists.
5948 | Once there was a prosperous village of Martials, now none of it remains. As the son of the former Master, you will lead your followers to rebuild this village. Recruit followers and enter the mysterious illusional domain, acquire lost wonders. Will you see the rebirth of ancestors’ glory again?
5949 | Experience the classic gameplay of 1503 A.D.: The New World, optimized for current computers with resolutions up to 4K.
5950 | Surgeon Simulator is bringing the ER to VR! The most critically acclaimed and infamous surgery simulation game as you have never seen it before! Featuring all of the surgeries and twisted humour of the original favourite plus a few new surprises...
5951 | A romance visual novel game made in collaboration with D3P and Red Entertainment.Character design and illustrations are by the popular illustrator Teita. The romance revolves around Ninjas who have lived through the Sengoku Period. This game has published in 2016 as PS Vita in Japan.
"5952 | The vertical scrolling shooter game released in the arcade by ""Psikyo"". You can set the difficulty level, controls, screen orientation, etc. In addition, online rankings have been implemented! Aim to be the world's best Striker!"
5953 | Gravelord is a fast-paced boomer shooter voiced by a badass protagonist featuring hand-crafted levels filled with secrets and hordes of enemies to kill. Dish out some brutal carnage with powerful guns and collect Tarot Cards to gain even more killing power. Let's put the fun back in funeral!
5954 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
5955 | Four private lives. One big lie. Search through secretly recorded video conversations to discover the truth. The successor to the acclaimed Her Story.
5956 | Plough through hordes of deadly monsters and defeat vicious bosses in an intense fast paced shooter RPG where all items are “legendary”, levels are ever-changing and combat is razor-sharp.
5957 | The sky city builder awaits. Create your own flying kingdom and lead it on a quest across an expansive world. Explore the varied landscape, build up a floating metropolis, aid struggling people below, uncover lost secrets and, ultimately, bring back the Airborne Kingdom legend.
5958 | Fight anywhere in this squad-based VR Battle Royale
5959 | Take control of a customizable female protagonist in an exciting, role-playing, life simulation game where you try to pay off your student debt. Work several risqué side jobs while trying to balance the day-to-day of college. How far will you go to earn that money? Will you remain innocent?
5960 | Congrats, you just inherited a farm and your hot neighbors will not let you be! Erotic hijinks ensue on your neverending quest to expand your farm! Discover spicy romances and intertwining stories in this bizarrely relaxing farm simulator.
5961 | Build, scavenge, craft, and perform occult rituals to survive in a demon-infested, post-apocalyptic colony simulation. Will you survive Judgment day?
5962 | A breathtaking arcade space combat game inspired by prestige anime.
5963 | Carto is a charming adventure game wrapped around a unique, world-altering puzzle mechanic. Use this power to explore mysterious lands, help a quirky cast of characters, and guide Carto on her journey back to her family.
"5964 | Indie rhythm game MUSYNX now on STEAM! Real ""KEY"" Sound System, Classic Gameplay, Unique Visual Themes and Constant Music Updates! MUSYNX is waiting for you!"
5965 | Build settlements, explore the Nine Realms, collect artifacts and upgrade your deck to reach the top of Yggdrasil in this post-Ragnarok roguelike city-builder! Can you survive the end of the world?
5966 | Armed with God-given powers, the revived tribune Adrestia is given a second chance to save the universe from her maniacal twin sister. Find secrets, acquire upgrades, and dominate mighty foes through sheer combat prowess as you explore and conquer the horrors of the forsaken vessel Atromitos.
5967 | In the abyss, she is awakened by the cold. She has nothing to hold on to, as everything is left in the darkness. The girl moves on with a little light, and leaves all the choices to you. Guide her and find her lost self.
5968 | Witchtastic is a challenging 2-4 player coop game about brewing and delivering magic potions as fast as possible. Take on the role of aspiring witches and experience charming adventures. Need a break from all the yelling of your friends? You can practice in a single player campaign as well!
5969 | Corpse Keeper is a very challenging action-strategy roguelite. You'll need to lead a squad of three corpses to explore the grim and dark medieval world within limited time, build a powerful army of the living dead, and finally kill the demon lurking in the deep end of the cathedral.
5970 | Take on the hard yet fair world of Bloody Trapland. Jump, slide, dash and dodge your way through the many deadly levels. Find secrets, solve puzzles, unlock mysteries and unravel the story. Go at it alone or bring your friends along for a co-op experience like no other. 1-4 players online and/or splitscreen.
5971 | A standalone visual novel with a new Hard NTR story featuring Aya. Explore love, friendship, but mostly cheating sex in this 300,000-word adventure with animated sex scenes
5972 | Released in 2014, experience one of the first 3D adaptations of the renowned puzzle-adventure game Myst! Each discovery you make, every puzzle you solve, will bring you closer to reversing a wrong that has gone unchecked for ages.
5973 | Hitman GO is a simple to play, but difficult to master turn-based strategy game set in a stunning interpretation of the Hitman universe.
5974 | Prove your skills by driving the Bathtub on Wheels! Solve puzzles, collect soap, and dive into Jeff's family drama. Drive, Fall, Learn, Repeat.
5975 | After a nuclear war life on the surface became impossible. A 300m thick radioactive fog covered the Earth. We are looking for bold active people to manage the process of restoring life on Earth. Join!
5976 | Take on the hunt of a lifetime as you target and pursue monster-sized fish around the world. You’re set, waiting…. The line tightens, your alarm screams, the fish is on and the battle commences!
5977 | A twisted psychological thriller and an original story set in the SCP universe. As an employee of the SCP Foundation, test artificially created paranormal events, solve puzzles, interact with anomalies, and uncover the secrets of the Replication Division.
5978 | Warpips is the ultimate quick to learn but amazingly deep tug-of-war strategy game. Deploy the right composition of soldiers, tanks, helicopters and planes in this tight, streamlined strategy-focused war game. Compose the best army, research the right tech; overwhelm your enemy!
5979 | Devil Daggers is a fast-paced shooter that places you in an abyssal arena to face endless legions of demons. Armed with versatile magic daggers and a fluid movement system, fight to survive as long as you can.
5980 | An adult touch simulation game. -- You are in a political crisis after taking advantage of the king's illness to run the government as you see fit. Fortunately, you come across a mysterious ring that has the power to ensnare the hearts of others, which alters your destiny.
5981 | Play as an aspiring fashion designer with your own boutique and experience a heart pounding romance.
5982 | Play as Yuma Ilvern and stop the Empire from exploiting the power of the ancient dragons, including the soul of the Shining Dragon within you. With the help of your friends, realize your destiny, save Astoria, and unleash the strength you’ve always had locked away.
5983 | My new adventure takes me from the end of the ’80s directly into the 21st century and wow, how the world has changed! While my view of the world and women from way back in the 1980s collides with modern reality, I’m all set to date my way across the modern world!
5984 | Aperion is on the precipice of ruin. You are the last of the Valorian knights, god-like warriors able to equip Valorplates, legendary armor sets that transform wielders into unstoppable masters of melee combat. Ascend in Godfall, the first-of-its-kind, looter-slasher, melee action-RPG.
5985 | Set in a far corner of space, Valfaris is a heavy metal infused 2D action-platformer and the next game from the team behind Unity Awards finalist, Slain: Back From Hell. Brutal combat. Deadly enemies. Stunning pixel art. Savage soundtrack. Get ready to rip the galaxy a new wormhole.
5986 | Build your factory from zero and produce high-tech products like drones, PC, robots and compete against thousands of players.
5987 | Embark on a wholesome adventure to save The Grove! Forage resources, combat the invasive Rot, and restore the community. Relax and enjoy the fruits of your labor in this charming action-RPG starring a grape.
5988 | The first instalment in a series that would become known as Men of War. Take control of American, British, Soviet, or German forces to play out battles set in World War II. Primarily a strategy game, but you can directly control your forces with keyboard and mouse as well!
5989 | Join Kate Walker as she travels to remote locations and time periods in this timeless voyage to discover her true destiny.
5990 | Your prayers have been answered! For the first time ever, gods, holy spirits and mythological characters from around the globe and throughout history will clash in an explosive 2D fighter where the entire world is at stake!
5991 | For the first time in the West you can experience La Pucelle: Ragnarok, now loaded with lots of extra content including new scenarios, new recruits, and DLC characters! It even has new voices, new music, and quick travel, dood!
5992 | Experience a fantastic adventure with unique gameplay that blends investigation, action and exploration in a breath-taking thriller that will test the limits of your nerves and intelligence. Play as the great detective and track down evil in the darkest corners of London and the human soul…
5993 | Today is the day of your final exam to become a wizard. Within this enchanting escape room, you'll navigate a wizardry school, unravel puzzles, master new spells, and put your magical skills to the ultimate test. Will you emerge triumphant?
5994 | Riding the rhythmic rails of success from smart phone, into the arcades, now GROOVE COASTER arrives on Steam! Are you ready to ride a roller coaster of sound and light through a universe of music?
5995 | Far Away is a visual novel full of dark humor depicting immersive storylines rather than romantic drama. You will play as Krosa, a typical girl who experiences gang conflicts, crimes, conspiracies, and family grudges in the port city of Bedjan.
5996 | Welcome to Keplerth! Try to survive on a hostile alien planet in this 2D sandbox RPG, where you can choose to live alone or fight side by side with your friends in the online multiplayer mode. Survive, build, farm, fight, and explore your way to victory in this open-world adventure!
5997 | Blackjack is an exciting game that any player is sure to enjoy. Place your bet, get more points than the dealer and win chips. Feel the risk as you dive into the casino atmosphere and hit the big time!
5998 | Christmas is coming and Larry's got a big problem - his Christmas tree is telling him to KILL! Lead him through his murder rampage.
5999 | Kou Kadokura, a cyber officer, seeks to uncover the truth behind the tragedy that ended his once peaceful life. A war looms, and the answers he’s looking for are locked away in him... So why can't he remember anything? Unravel the mysteries hidden in his lost memories through this fast-paced mech action game!
6000 | What The Dub?! is a multiplayer party game where each player overdubs missing dialogue from hilariously awful B-movies, outdated PSAs, and bizarre industrial films, with their own witty (or just plain stupid) dubs!
6001 | The Forgotten Realm Archives - Collection Two brings a healthy mix of “Gold Box” and nostalgia goodness to your PC, along with a combination of adventure builders, turn-based and real-time role-playing gameplay.
6002 | In the world of A-Train, people gather around stations, gradually developing the surrounding town. What kind of railroad will you create? How will you develop the town? All these choices and more are yours to make.
6003 | Few Nights More is a roguelike turn-based RPG based in a world where Vampire Lords seek to conquer lost territories and their place in the world. Design and defend your stronghold, slay your enemies with traps, fulfill your Lord’s true potential, slowly conquering what is rightfully yours.
6004 | Survive in the arena against the tentacles and monsters. Gain new items every time you defeat a wave of enemies. Combine various items to find the build that suits you best and crush these depraved aliens in one fell swoop.
6005 | Multi Turret Academy is a top-down tank action game with roguelike elements. Select your vehicle from a growing list of historical models, then equip dozens of weapons and upgrades to lead your local tank club to victory!
6006 | Have you got what it takes to be a Wanba Warrior? Step into the absurd world of calligraphy combat and prepare to lay the smackdown upon all who dare to oppose you, dishing out damage with your chosen ink brush of brutality! highly recommend playing with controllers.
6007 | Thumper is rhythm violence: classic rhythm-action, blistering speed, and brutal physicality. You are a space beetle. Brave the hellish void and confront a maniacal giant head from the future.
6008 | A story-driven experience about two doctors traversing backwards through a dying man's memories to fulfill his last wish.
6009 | No Fair Play is a physics-based multiplayer game that combines parkour, combat, and football mechanics to offer great freedom to players.
6010 | Goodbye Volcano High is a cinematic narrative adventure about love, change, and the end of the world. Guide Fang through their final year of high school as they try to make things right before time is up.
6011 | New Just Date and a new girl. Invite her on a date, tell her jokes, and choose the right dish. Win Lily over by discovering her secret, or simply buy her. The ending 💦 depends on you.
6012 | In this gym, you will training with cute monster girls and accept the Orgasm control training.Fucking exciting, isn't it?
6013 | Furry Shades of Gay 2 builds on the first installment of the series to bring you even more love, more puzzles and more hot gay sex! Experience 6 new stories with an elaborate web of branching paths. Explore each one, win match-3 challenges, and get ready for hot animated VOICED sex scenes!
6014 | A co-op horror game where you team up with friends to hunt anomalies and collect rare loot. Customize your loadouts, your looks, and get to work!
6015 | The popular action puzzle game “Mr. DRILLER DrillLand” makes its Western debut on Steam! You’re invited to a secret amusement park known as “DrillLand” – 500 meters underground!
6016 | Thousands of years ago a meteor crashed into Antarctica and the shockwaves of its impact are being felt in the modern age. Lara Croft will follow clues leading to a deadly secret, boldly leaping chasms and blasting monsters that no one has leaped or blasted before. This time she faces a mystery that's from way out of this world.
6017 | Perennial Order is a 2D plant horror boss rush with challenging one-hit-death combat. Set in an atmospheric Dark Age world plagued by nature-infested horrors, explore a lore-filled and eldritch land alone or in two player co-op, all in a realistic painterly style.
6018 | Tokyo Xanadu eX+; a massive action RPG from the masters of the genre, Nihon Falcom! When high school student Kou Tokisaka encounters the nightmare realm known as the Eclipse, his world is forever changed.
6019 | Men of War is a stunning Real-Time Strategy game that takes place during the height of World War II. Intense battles span Europe and North Africa as gamers play as Soviet, Allied or German forces across 19 massive single-player missions.
6020 | The story begins with a missing superhero and Widow the supervillain is the only suspect in this case. Does she have something to do with the missing superhero or is she trying to hide something? This game is an action-roguelike game with randomly generated mazes.
6021 | Revenge of the colon is a story driven, single-player, atmospheric, body horror game with multiple endings. Perform colonoscopies on five patients and discover the horrors concealed deep within them. PS1 horror style!
6022 | Take an adrenaline-fueled journey through a mythical Japanese realm in the Definitive Edition of Shadow Warrior 3, packed with new features, and enjoy an ultraviolent blend of fast-paced gunplay, razor-sharp melee combat, and spectacular free-running movement.
6023 | An arcade racer that tears up the rule book with innovative twin-stick controls, completely re-imagined driving mechanics and a huge roster of fiercely individual cars and tracks.
"6024 | ""Tales of Escape"" is a series of 6 person multiplayer escape room adventures for virtual reality or desktop pc! Gather your friends and choose a story to play!"
6025 | A Werewolf game-style social deduction adventure where you play as the landlord of an apartment and try to uncover the Yokai hiding among your residents. Not just a mystery adventure, this is a heart-warming tale of character growth.
6026 | Destroy enemy waves one after another using an extensive range of weapons as you attempt to save the town from invasion! Improve your arsenal, level up, find the cure and witness some hot adult action! 🔞
6027 | Roguelike Romance JRPG. Create your character and get a room at the Magic Academy dormitory, to win the Challenge of the Infinite Dungeon! A game with town building, relationships, and many quests with alternate routes.
6028 | Sex Clinic 18+ is an adult game where you play as a detective infiltrating a luxurious clinic with dark secrets. Investigate, give in to temptations, and unravel intrigues while danger lurks nearby!
6029 | A retro story-rich metroidvania filled with unique and diverse abilities, and quirky, charming aliens and demons. Algol is witness to a catastrophe that sends the universe into disarray, uncover a mysterious evil plot and find many hidden rooms that test your skills.
6030 | Fates Determination is a story driven episodic adult adventure that you play from two perspectives. Once from Jake's point of view and once from Amy's point of view. Be prepared to experience a plot full of drama, mysteries, superpowers and hot sex scenes!
6031 | Strategic Command WWII: World At War is your chance to re-fight the 20th century’s greatest conflict, from Poland to China, Normandy to the Pacific, on a map encompassing the globe.
6032 | Defend humanity's last hope, pilot a powerful mech, in Frontlines Crisis! A battlefield swarming with insects makes strategic and combat decisions crucial. Each decision will determine your fate. Defend humanity's last sanctuary, fight fiercely, and uphold human honor with wits and courage!
6033 | Hunt the monsters that swarm the Dark Hunting Ground, collect the spoils, develop your skills freely and wisely and fight to become the strongest hunter!
6034 | Get ready for a pawsome puppy adventure in Little Friends: Puppy Island! Discover exciting locations, dig up hidden treasures, build and expand your holiday resort, and meet plenty of lovable little friends to care for on your very own un-paw-gettable, tropical island adventure!
6035 | Evil has returned! Demonic powers are manifesting themselves as a myriad of dark creatures, fighting over the fates of imprisoned souls caught in Purgatory.
6036 | The unique cyberpunk-meets-fantasy world of Shadowrun has gained a huge cult following since its creation nearly 25 years ago. Now, creator Jordan Weisman returns to the world of Shadowrun, modernizing this classic game setting as a single player, turn-based tactical RPG.
6037 | The War of Crowns rages on. Knights and brigands run rampant throughout the land, sowing destruction. From your castle base, rise to become the lord who leads the battle against the forces of evil in this turn-based tactics and strategy game.
6038 | After the pandemic Covitch69, you lost your job as a space aviation expert and now become a teacher in a small town. Luckily, every cloud has a silver lining as you are stepping into a world where love blooms unexpectedly and leads you to captivating ladies with immersive romantic tales.
6039 | Xenonauts is a strategy game in which you control a multi-national military organisation defending a Cold War-era Earth from alien invasion, using small squads of persistent soldiers to eliminate the extraterrestrials and recover their technology in turn-based ground combat.
6040 | A first-person horror adventure. Uncover your past and survive the Algerian desert. Fear is your enemy; stay calm to not succumb to an illness threatening you and your loved one. Avoid darkness, hide from monsters and solve puzzles. Adventure Mode available for a less scary experience.
6041 | Indie smash hit Rush Rally 3 is a Simulation-style rally driving game created by just one person. Take on the challenge of rallies, rallycross and hill climbs, across 11 countries, with over 20 different cars. All of which can all be upgraded, tuned and customised to your liking.
6042 | Rearrange the panels of an animated comic book to craft the story of a noir-styled spy adventure in the FRAMED Collection--a compilation of the multi-award winning puzzle games FRAMED and FRAMED 2.
6043 | In this 2004 classic originally released by Atari games, you will navigate 12 sky-high courses. Each course is fraught with different obstacles that will block your path, slide your marble off course, or blow them right into the bottomless void below.
6044 | Ghostlore is an 'Eastpunk' Action-RPG where you fight supernatural monsters from Southeast-Asian folklore. Inspired by classic ARPGs such as Diablo 2 and Titan Quest, Ghostlore features detailed item and character customization systems, procedurally generated maps, and awesome 90's retro graphics.
6045 | The renowned Mega Man Battle Network series, which has expanded into anime and comics, is back. Volume 2 includes six action packed games from both versions of Mega Man Battle Network 4 to both versions of Mega Man Battle Network 6, plus additional features like a gallery and online play!
6046 | Simple yet highly flexible hi-speed 2D Fighting game! Enjoy the thrill of fighting with all the flashy moves!
6047 | Now you can train your aim with femboys. Enjoy and relax while shooting femboys!
6048 | Sailing simulation. Explore the world's oceans or compete in races in the most realistic sailing simulator available. The sailing waters are as big as the real world and circumnavigation will take several months. Using true weather, true conditions and true sail trim.
6049 | Seven classic games in one collection. Celebrate the golden age of adventure games all over again with the return of King's Quest.The bravest knight in all of Daventry, Sir Graham, is appointed by the dying king to embark on a Quest for the Crown.
6050 | The most relaxing horror game you'll ever play. Anemoiapolis exists in the uncanny valley of American architecture -- endless carpeted floors and lonely malls. Escape for your life, and enjoy the scenery.
6051 | Venture into the Past and Outwit a Criminal Before Time Runs Out!
6052 | Outcast 1.1 is an enhanced version of the critically acclaimed action-adventure game developed in 1999 by Appeal for the PC.
6053 | Re-discover what made System Shock the first of it's kind, a ground breaking immersive sim that would inspire a generation of games to come....
"6054 | Ben and Ed is a 3D platformer, in which the player controls Ed the Zombie, who is forced to participate in a grotesque game show called ""Rundead"". Will he beat all obstacles Hans Showmaster confronts him with, to save his best friend Ben?"
6055 | How far would you go if your daughter didn’t come home? Someday You’ll Return: Director’s Cut is a first-person psychological horror. This story-driven game offers enhanced features, an improved story, and additional content. Enter the woods if you dare and begin a search you’ll never forget.
6056 | Choose your little car and race!
6057 | Meet silly seals, eat fibsh, swim, and relax!
6058 | A lesbian love story set in Victorian England, featuring maids, music, and finding love in unexpected places.
6059 | Follow Turner, a rebel bunny rabbit with impressive combat skills in his quest to find those responsible for slaughtering his village. Uncover a far-reaching conspiracy involving the corrupt leaders of the rabbit republic and the wolves of the nearby lands. Streamlined Combat: Gone are the days of combo memorization and button mashing.
6060 | An atmospheric narrative adventure written by Rhianna Pratchett. Set between the pages of a diary and a fantasy story where you run on words and use them to interact with the world around you.
6061 | Become the best football manager. Join Pro 11 and claim the championship!
6062 | The Candle - Rated R. As night falls and a storm rises over the annual county carnival, you are visited by a mysterious spirit. Tasked with laying his soul to rest, you must brave his long dilapidated manor and avoid the horrifying remnants of his estate staff.
6063 | Apocalypse Party is a 3D top-down action Roguelike game. In this game, you will embark on a new mission to traverse through the Middle Ages and gradually master abilities, and arm yourself to become the strongest survivor through numerous choices.
6064 | Fairy Tail: Dungeons is a deck-building rogue-lite featuring characters from the Fairy Tail series. Collect Magic Cards based on moves from the series to build your own unique deck and take down powerful monsters as you head for the dungeon depths!
6065 | Journey into a mansion on the Island of Matinicus where you'll arrive to find the mansion full of hellacious demonic creatures. Solve deadly puzzles, uncover the secrets behind a famous mystery and discover an ancient artifact from the Pharaoh Ramses, if you can live long enough to find it.
6066 | A relaxing, hexagon based, puzzle game. An exciting new twist on a classic game without the element of guesswork! Use your critical thinking and our stimulating game mechanics to progress through hundreds of levels!
6067 | Don't be a hero. Experience the love. Experience moon. moon is an anti-RPG steeped in story and character, mood and music.
6068 | Be a newly appointed royal minister fresh out of the army, evade or contribute to the court drama. Alliances are breaking but you can make the difference. Choose who to bed or wed. Compete or consolidate with your foes. Only you have what it takes to be a king.
6069 | A Game of Thrones: The Board Game – Digital Edition is the digital adaptation of the top-selling strategy board game from Fantasy Flight Games.
6070 | Night Raider is a thrilling adventure exploration shooter game. Players need to carry weapons into the city occupied by zombies, as far as possible in various buildings to collect necessary supplies, evacuate alive to bring supplies back to the camp. But you have to face are not just zombies...
6071 | Red Matter is a story-driven VR puzzle adventure game set during a dystopian sci-fi Cold War. Take on the role of Agent Epsilon, an astronaut of the Atlantic Union dispatched to an abandoned Volgravian moon base on a faraway planet. Your mission: to investigate a shady top secret research project.
6072 | A Tiny Sticker Tale is a cozy miniature adventure about changing the world, using the power of stickers!
6073 | Furry Shades of Gay 3 is a collection of hot novels with choice and match-3 elements! You'll find new stories, new (and old!) characters, and a new, more diverse match-3 experience. Go through all the stories, uncover all the plot options, and unlock 15 hot voiced animations!
6074 | When the Esmeralda crashes on Tyson III, Robin is left stranded. He must rely on his wits – and HIGS, an AI unit from the ship – to survive. As he searches for the lost crew and comes face-to-face with dinosaurs, Robin discovers that Tyson III is not the paradise once promised.
6075 | A frantic adventure. Welcome to the Upturned Inn: a grand hotel for the dead! You just want to find your room.
"6076 | Welcome to ""Immortal Farmer: System’s Mandate"", a paradise blending adventure, cultivation, and rural life. In this apocalyptic world overrun by demons, you are transmigrated into a refugee and stumble upon a mysterious village—Taoyuan Village, protected by cultivators"
6077 | ZED is a unique and compelling narrative you experience on Desktop PC or VR. Journey through surreal landscapes spanning one man’s life and career, as you learn about his desperate quest to reconnect fading memories and create a final work for a special person.
6078 | Lead Abby the string puppet through a bruised, but beautiful fairy tale world in this cinematic adventure. Solve riddles, evade traps and shake off pursuers on the way to find freedom. Can Abby take control of her fate with all the strings attached?
"6079 | Slayers! Go forth and eradicate the Oni menace! Experience the latest hunting action game featuring a dynamic targeted destruction system! The latest installment in the hunting action series ""Toukiden""."
6080 | Craft weapons, armor and tools, manage resources and expand your workshop. Experience realistic physics-based forging, unlock new recipes and special orders, and interact with a medieval town's inhabitants as you work to become the greatest blacksmith in the land.
6081 | Touch, tease, fuck and make her cum. A casual clicker game where you stimulate your wifu, gradually turning her from simply horny to dripping wet, ahegao plastered, cock-addicted mega-nymph. Contains disproportionate amount of BDSM.
6082 | John is a young man suffering from severe depression. As he loses his sense of purpose in life, he begins to see the world in unfocused gray. Just when he begins to lose all hope, John meets a girl... a very special girl.
6083 | Hold onto your bananas, because Super Monkey Ball: Banana Blitz HD is rolling your way! Experience the magic of one of the most beloved titles in the series, now remastered in HD!
6084 | Tank Arena:Total Operation is a free MMO war game where you play as a commander, drive thousands of types of tanks, armored vehicles or helicopters on a massive battlefield engaging in 12v12 team-based battles against players globally. Enjoy the fun!
6085 | Building our Futature is a futa NTR game where the player can choose what content they would like to see in the next in-game week. This way you can decide what type of scenes you'd like to avoid or what content to focus on.
6086 | Become a Mighty Captain in a Age of sail naval combat game, set in all of the Seven Seas! Sail the entire world: conquering, plundering, exploring and trading along the way! Gather your crew, ready your ship, hoist your sails and enter a world of swashbuckling and piracy!
"6087 | ""Mimic Logic"" is an automatically generated logic puzzle roguelike. Listen to the statements of the treasure chests, find the lying mimics, and open the rest of the treasure chests! Opening a mimic results in a game over."
6088 | Leona, your cute and lewd maid is back for more in Super Naughty Maid 2! With her services coming to an end, she wants to see how her beloved master has improved as she puts him to the test.
6089 | Fight for control during the Friso-Hollandic Wars. Set in the medieval 13th century, the game features a strategy campaign and historical battles. Fight with your army in 3rd person battles and command your troops.
6090 | Ram through pile-ups and smash through your windshield as you push racing to the edge! FlatOut™ delivers more heart-stopping thrills than any sane driver can handle!
6091 | A Tactical Battle Simulator that allows you to command thousands of soldiers as a Union or Confederate General. The game features the most accurately created map, a non-linear battle campaign, complex morale, innovative control mechanics and smart AI.
6092 | SHOGUN: Total War™ is the first, original title in a 15 year series of award-winning strategy games. This Collection Edition also includes the Mongol Invasion Expansion Pack.
6093 | Ready to dive into a world where fantasy and desire intertwine into one incredible experience? Eldrea: SEX Saga🔞 takes you on a captivating adventure where the lines between reality and virtuality blur.
6094 | The classic visual novel from AQUAPLUS that launched one of Japan's most beloved franchises, WHITE ALBUM is a story of love in many forms. Will a couple cling together, or drift apart on the cold wind? The album of their relationship will be as white as snow, and as poignant.
6095 | Play your cards right to conquer the world in the Roguelite 4x. Explore mysterious lands, survive against the barbarian horde, and grow your stone age empire into the stars! ✨
6096 | Immerse yourself in the times of the Second World War II and become a real hero! Shoot, capture, win – the path to glory is paved with shells!
6097 | Dive into the ultimate winter survival experience and see if you can survive long enough for rescue to arrive. Experience our unique sanity system that takes survival to the next level.
6098 | To commemorate the 15th anniversary of the sword fighting action game series Onee Chanbara, the events of THE Onee Chanbara and THE Onee Chanbara 2 have been completely remade in full HD. The evolution of this high-speed action game cannot be missed!
6099 | Gamedec is a single-player cyberpunk isometric RPG. You are a game detective, who solves crimes inside virtual worlds. Use your wits to gather info from your witnesses and suspects, getting to the bottom of deceptive schemes. The game continually adapts to your decisions and never judges.
6100 | Find and rescue your uncle by using his newest invention to work your way through a crazy complex mansion as you switch between dimensions and solve puzzles!
6101 | Infiltrate the depths of an exoplanet mining facility to scavenge for gear and challenge a corrupt megacorporation. Utilize gadgets and equipment in high-stakes stealth, and hone your fighting skills in breakneck combat in this stylish stealth-action dungeon crawler.
6102 | Meet colorful characters, discover mysterious secrets, and reassemble the fractured remains of an ethereal crystal as you explore a series of abstract worlds based on dreams, nightmares, and the places in between.
6103 | Love of Magic is an Adult Visual Novel / RPG set in an Arthurian Urban Fantasy world. You've found True Love, you've glimpsed your Destiny. Now it's time to wage the War you were born to fight. Book 2: The War continues the story of the Knights of the Lake from Book 1: The Crown.
6104 | Become a hero in this sexy Beat 'em up with RPG elements and erotic content! Set your rules, customize your appearance, pick your talents and specials, and get ready to fight your way through dark alleys, night clubs and secret laboratories in your quest to save Solas City!
6105 | Embark on a journey through the longest night with Leila, a valiant member of the Vigilant Order. Delve into the hidden truths shrouded in eternal darkness, unravel the mystery surrounding Leila's enigmatic sister, and confront the eldritch horrors lurking in a world that has lost the light of day.
6106 | Rise from a cunning strategist to a powerful ruler. Master economic warfare, manipulate global events, and build industries or armies to conquer the world. Every decision in this modern Grand Strategy game shapes your ascent to power—will you rise through wealth or force?
6107 | Deckline is an atmospheric war-horror card game. Out of ammo and encircled, you play one last game of Durak to distract from the inevitable. Experience the grit and dread of modern combat through the lens of a board game.
6108 | Now with Vive Support! A cryptic, brain-racking, button-pushing non-linear puzzle game.
6109 | It's the year 2xxx. The inexperienced Toru Sumiki lands a job managing Hookah Haze, a new hookah lounge on the outskirts of Akihabara, where they meet three eccentric girls. The story unfolds as the girls gradually open up to them, connecting through their fondness for hookah...
6110 | Fight for survival in Blazing Sails, a fast-paced pirate PvP game! Create your own unique pirate and ship. Band together with other players to command your mighty vessel! Explore different game-modes, maps, weapons, ship types and more while eliminating other crews in epic battles on land and sea!
6111 | From the creators of Golf Club Nostalgia and Highwater. Return to their whimsical, neon-lit apocalypse in a Jungle Book meets The Armageddon fusion. Parkour through the remains of humanity as a child being hunted, while catchy end-of-days tunes and curious survivor stories play on the radio.
6112 | The fourth instalment of “The Number 1 Rugby Union Management Game”. Rugby Union Team Manager 4 gives you full control of managing your own Rugby Union team. Training schedules, coaches, physios, scouting, finances, sponsors, facilities and more. MUCH MORE!
6113 | A literary machination about corporations, conspiracies, and the unspeakable horrors you’ll commit for minimum wage.
6114 | A new battle begins for Junnosuke—backed by the FS Big Three! “This is what it truly means for the minority to get vengeance.”
6115 | Zula is an intense free-to-play FPS in which you can play cooperatively with your teammates to overthrow the enemy side. You can enjoy new content weekly and receive gifts every day. Variety of maps and weapons from the real world so you can immerse yourself 100%.
6116 | Fast and Low is a VR Tactical Shooter mixed with a traditional FPS. Players can play solo, locally via asymmetric multiplayer or play together online to breach rooms, neutralize hostiles, and rescue civilians. 'Cause when the bad guys gotta go...you gotta hit 'em Fast...and you gotta hit 'em Low.
6117 | Morbid: The Seven Acolytes is a Horrorpunk Action RPG filled with Lovecraftian horrors and Cronenbergian gore, making it the most gruesome take on the isometric Souls-like genre yet!
"6118 | Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is a old school style shooter, but remixed for the 21st century with next generation graphics and deep, modern gameplay. Playing is simple: you are a geometric ""ship"" trapped in a grid world, facing off against waves of deadly wanderers, snakes, and repulsars."
6119 | Relive Your Childhood Toys comes to life! Build your Army Toys, make battle scenario, watch the Toys battling each other, and customize your play with Attack on Toys Toy Box. Command your Army Toys to fight againts another toys strategically and keep them alive during battle!
6120 | Lead your country through the Victorian age, expand your empire as you go head to head with the great powers of the world.
"6121 | ""I hope that someday, you'll dream of me."" -- CINERIS SOMNIA is a 3D adventure through a beautifully strange and mesmerizing world - and a young girl's cruel and forlorn dreams."
6122 | Follow Ancient Clues to Find Marie Antoinette’s Legendary Secret!
6123 | COVEN is a hyper-violent retro FPS where your path of vengeance will take you across time and space. Destroy your enemies and eat their flesh.
6124 | Take part of history’s greatest battle of Green VS. Tan. Fight amongst and against others online. Jump, shoot and roll your way into victory with fast paced objective based gameplay. Sometimes the greatest battles are fought by the smallest of soldiers.
6125 | Hole dweller is a sandbox incremental furry porn game! You are the captain of a caravan, with spare rooms, not to worry there are plenty of cute and hot characters to fill them with.
6126 | Fierce military arcade shooter in VR for single-player and co-op multiplayer. Drop into a variety of indoor and outdoor battle scenes with 63 missions, 39 different weapons, and 17 types of enemies as you lead an elite fireteam into immersive 360° combat.
"6127 | A vibrantly unique story-rich life simulation visual novel game about a hopeless male protagonist living in a dystopian future where the world is entirely populated by lustful men and all women are extinct and are rather replaced by artificial female androids conveniently called ""girls""."
6128 | Delivery INC is a fast-paced time management game where you’ll be challenged with quick decision making and planning. Build a fleet of vehicles and drivers. Make deliveries before the customer’s patience runs out. Put your logic and delivery skills to the test in any real-world city.
6129 | Gnome hunting reaches a new level! Become a mighty knight and plunge into the world of dark fantasy without leaving your home.
6130 | In a dark Cyberpunk world, you (and up to 3 friends) wage war against the all-powerful Federation in this Source-powered FPS/RPG.
6131 | 90 Minute Fever is an online football management game that offers extremely challenging gameplay where you get to compete against others from all over the world!
6132 | Take a Wild Ride into Terror and Trickery to Rein in a Ghostly Secret!
6133 | As the legendary Robin Hood, fight the Sheriff's forces in the open field by defending the Merry Men's allies from invasions in this tower defense game. Produce resources, build up your fortifications, place units, and then join in the battle yourself!
6134 | Lilith Rising is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel focusing on a grand fantasy adventure. Become a prince that has to learn what it means to be a leader in order to save your kingdom. Your journey will be filled with adventure, romance, mystery, humor, drama and lots of sex.
6135 | Pure Rock Crawling is a physics based off-road simulator. Featuring soft body tires, suspension customization that affects your handling, true to life drivetrain simulation and visual addons. Explore a variety of trails in free roam with multiple challenges.
6136 | Could you face yourself and the threats around you to save the ones you love? Shin Mikado Academy is engulfed in a madness-inducing Mist, and only you can save everyone inside. Develop your Ego to break the pacts set by the Pactbearers and remove the corrupting Mist.
6137 | Become the star on festival of car culture and sports. Drift races and Free Style Drift tours on public roads with traffic. Huge game world, iconic tracks. Unique collection of cars. Wide range of tuning and styling options. Accurate physics: a sense of speed and lateral g-forces.
6138 | As World War II draws to a close, the first covert battles of the Cold War begin. Caught in the life and death struggle between Soviets and Germans in war-torn Berlin, you control the fate of a lone American OSS Sniper.
6139 | You’ve crash landed on a dangerous alien planet with no food, medicine, or prospects, but you do know one thing—you are absolutely desperate for friendship.
6140 | Hearts of Iron III lets you play the most engaging conflict in world history, World War 2, on all fronts as any country and through multiple different scenarios. Guide your nation to glory between 1936 and 1948 and wage war, conduct diplomacy and build your industry in the most detailed World War 2 game ever made.
"6141 | ""I need a Heart in order to open it"""
"6142 | Can you escape the horror of being hunted down...? The sequel to the survival horror game ""Livestream: Escape from Hotel Izanami"" is now available!"
6143 | Richman 11 is a casual game in Monopoly genre, it is the 11th episode of the franchise. In the game, players could select maps, characters and group play, creating free play or challenge play. Try to earn money and win the play by investing properties, using cards, etc.
6144 | Enhanced and updated for modern systems, this is the definitive edition of Rayne’s second adventure: a blood-soaked rampage of vengeance against the Cult of Kagan, a group led by Rayne's half-siblings that seek to carry out their father Kagan's legacy by creating a new era of vampire supremacy.
6145 | All Terrain, All Vehicles, All You! MX vs ATV All Out is the complete off-road racing and lifestyle experience! Find your Rider Style at your private compound, Free Ride across massive environments, and compete in the best series events!
6146 | King’s Quest is a collection of five different chapter releases, each focusing on an untold tale in Graham’s past. Discover a wondrous world full of whimsical characters, charming puzzles and perilous dangers in this fun and enchanting coming of age story.
6147 | Welcome to the world of dungeon crawling! The classic dungeon crawler released back in 2006, returns to Steam with improved UI and more.
6148 | In this rogue-lite adventure, you free the Academy of Greifenstein from magical creatures by using your spells creatively. Explore this modern magical world alone or in local co-op mode with friends and family, customize your character, solve mysteries, and find powerful artifacts.
6149 | The Symbiant is a BL / Yaoi / Gay visual novel about two men, both from vastly different worlds, embracing their sexuality and their newfound romance. It is also a tale of interstellar friendship and being gay in space!
6150 | Grab a drink, invite your friends and ready your deck! Cards & Tankards is the first social collectible card game available for both PC and VR.
6151 | Equipped with supernatural powers, take control of Lucius as he begins his blood filled tour of horror through his own house.
6152 | Dragons: they have been hunted, they have been slain, but now the hour to strike back has come.
6153 | Mundaun is a lovingly hand-penciled horror tale set in a dark, secluded valley of The Alps. Explore various areas full of secrets to discover, survive hostile encounters, drive vehicles, fill your inventory, and solve a variety of handcrafted puzzles.
6154 | 10 Dead Doves is a single-player, fixed-perspective narrative horror set in the heart of Appalachia. Avoid strange noises, collect lifelines, and creep through a forest that seems to hate you. Will you discover why the birds drop dead -- or leave behind nothing but footprints?
6155 | A horror anthology shooter in the Dread X Collection series. Co-produced by DUSK creator David Szymanski. Featuring 7 new short games, a robust launcher world set in an abandoned arctic base.
6156 | A 2D automation sandbox adventure. Build an automated factory with Mana-powered machines, progress through an expansive tech tree, explore a vast and wonderful world, upgrade yourself with ancient technologies, and defend it all from invasions.
6157 | You have inherited your grandparents farm as they set off to travel the world. Work with Frank at the local construction shop to finish off the final touches on your new home. Aid Frank and Mayor Wilson in building up the town so it may reach it's full potential.
6158 | There's nothing better than living with a robot girl! Get your wrench on and show her your mechanic power! But beware, she might be more than just a regular robot...
6159 | A deliciously addictive core of finger-blistering shooting action, surrounded by delectable morsels of galactic exploration, spacecraft customization, and community competitions.
6160 | Help heal a world drowning in pollution and date a wide variety of gorgeous Nymphs in the dangerously addictive world of Merge Nymphs! Combining puzzle game mechanics with a naughty dating sim system, this game is sure to make you fall in love with its array of colorful characters!
6161 | You are the commander of either NATO or Soviet forces locked in battle on the ground in 1980’s Central Europe. As commander, it is your task to provide the battle plan orders to your units. You need to know your mission objectives, strength and weakness of both your forces and you enemy, lay of the land, weather, and time of day in order...
6162 | Meet quirky characters and clean strange artifacts in this short cozy comedy game. From an enchanted teacup to a cursed skull with a chip on its shoulder, each item and client brings new twists and surprises.
6163 | Yumeutsutsu Re:Master is a girls-love adventure game set in a small game studio.
6164 | Super Kiwi 64 is a 3D-Platformer and Collect-a-Thon, in a low poly late 90s console look.
6165 | The popular indie game “The Exit 8” is reborn and brought to virtual life as “The Exit 8 VR”! Experience the eerie and thrilling atmosphere of Japan's underground passageways, now with new anomalies!
6166 | While the Sidhe elf Corvus battled the evil forces of D'Sparil, the remaining Serpent Riders were busy corrupting other dimensions. As a Warrior, Mage, or Cleric, you must defend your realm of Cronos from the second Serpent Rider known as Korax.
6167 | Voxelgram is a 3D nonograms game where solving puzzles feels like sculpting in three dimensions. Reveal voxel models as you complete each challenge.
6168 | Are you ready for a story-driven, rom-com, roguelite puzzle game?! Yamada-kun (Age 36) is a game programmer who hates his job. Alone in his apartment, he toils to create his own game: an RPG, where he is the hero, Brave Yamada!
6169 | Sky Force Reloaded is a classic shoot ‘em up experience packed in gorgeous visuals and excellent gameplay. Enjoy flashy explosions, beautiful scenery and massive bosses in single player or local cooperative modes.
6170 | One night, a beautiful girl suddenly appeared in my room. She wasn’t just dressed in a revealing and sexy outfit, but she also had horns and a tail. Lilim, a self-proclaimed succubus, came to the human world in order to level up; my long-hoarded sexual desire was just the perfect target for her.
6171 | A village is invaded by succubi each night. On a quest to defeat them, you enter the Succubus Forest, which is home not only to succubi, but many monster girls that will attack you without mercy. You must fend them off and reach the heart of the forest.
6172 | Syder Reloaded revives the Syder series in this love-letter to 90s Amiga shmups with upgraded graphics and refined gameplay. Challenging levels, a fleet of ships and a motherload of alien invaders. Get back to your roots and curse at your monitor in this skills-first shooter.
6173 | Three Skies is a turn-based, strategic RPG with challenging dungeons and hundreds of heroes and creatures to collect and customize. Explore over 100 hours of story-driven content delivered over the course of 12 chapters and more than 30 unique zones. Play now!
"6174 | Armored Brigade is a real-time tactical wargame, focusing on realism and playability. In Armored Brigade the Cold War has turned hot, and Europe is once again torn apart by conflict. An ""Iron Curtain"" divides the Western Powers gathered together under the NATO banner from the Soviet Union"
6175 | Death Trash features a post-apocalyptic world where cosmic horrors long for humanity but meet punks with shotguns. It combines old-school role-playing, modern action gameplay and player freedom. Create your own character and explore a handcrafted world.
6176 | This is Love Sucks:Night Two, the second part in your mission to get laid and not die doing it. When sexy monsters are out to kill you for their own mysterious goals, it's date or die! You've survived the first night, but can you survive your second?
6177 | Delve into Keeper’s Toll, an action-packed roguelite brimming with challenge and despair. Survive against an onslaught of relentless hordes and grueling bosses with skill-based ARPG gameplay. Embrace the darkness and cleanse these cursed lands.
"6178 | ""These arrogant Elves are capturing us Orcs as semen cows because they want to get pregnant?! Looks like I have to use the sword on my crotch to teach them a lesson, show these Elves the terror of Orcs!"""
6179 | Ever since the day the powers appeared, crime has ruled the streets of Scum City. As the conniving villains grow stronger and stronger, and the heroes find themselves walloped rather than walloping... it falls to you to rehabilitate S-rank villains in this short visual novel!
6180 | Commander Keen: Invasion of the Vorticons: Episode 1: Marooned on Mars (Dec. 14th 1990) Episode 2: The Earth Explodes (1991) Episode 3: Keen Must Die! (1991) Commander Keen's very first adventure, and the debut of id's groundbreaking side-scrolling technology.
6181 | Become a mad scientist! Conduct crazy experiments, mix mutagens, breed abominable creatures, and attach monstrous body parts to them. Manage your inventory, expand your lab, and make sure your hideout is safe. Send your creations into the city to obtain salvage and test subjects!
6182 | Nordic Ashes: Survivors of Ragnarok, is a challenging Norse inspired roguelite-survivor game, where you’ll have to survive hordes of creatures that come your way.
"6183 | ""Bullet Girls Phantasia"" is the latest installment of the all-female third person shooter ""Bullet Girls"" series. This game is a thrilling action-packed game where cute girls shoot assault rifles and bazookas in a world filled with slimes, orcs, and dragons."
6184 | Innovative genre mashup (first-person immersive sim puzzler FPS RPG) with emphasis on problem-solving and creativity. Unique vibes and original mechanics that you won't have experienced before. One of the best games of 2022 according to various credible sources!
6185 | Experience the origins of the SaGa series with the COLLECTION of SaGa FINAL FANTASY LEGEND, the first complete port of these hugely popular titles with new enhancements!
"6186 | The sun has vanished, and darkness corrodes the world. An angel named Helvetica is summoned. She claims to be ""an angel that surpasses even the gods"" and repels the distorted sun goddess. However, in order to restore the sun, she must capture the goddess."
6187 | Transported back a century by fate, you find yourself in a legendary tale of vengeance. Amidst powerful enemies in a tumultuous era, your mission is to assist those around you. Experience this immersive epic from a first-person perspective—authentic, weighty, yet brimming with hope.
6188 | Bloodshed is a Roguelite Survivors FPS; an exhilarating fusion of Roguelite elements merged with retro-styled visuals and first-person “Survivors-like” frenetic combat action!
6189 | Control a tiny ball of grey goo with the ability to eat anything smaller than itself. The more it eats, the bigger it gets! Soon you'll be able to eat the entire planet!
6190 | Highschool student Haneko has forgotten her class assignments and must retrieve them by traversing a world of haunted horrors. Explore the dilapidated halls, find your missing homework, and avoid whatever's lurking around the corner in this bite-sized, retro survival horror experience.
"6191 | Build a ""legitimate"" corporation via open world missions, shakedowns, sabotage and property acquisition."
6192 | In a world torn by war and political skirmishes, accept the burden of the Shepherd and fight human darkness to protect your world from Malevolence and reunite humans and Seraphim.
6193 | Take on the role of Kirito, the hero of the popular Sword Art Online anime series, and explore a fantasy world alongside attractive companions! Take down tough enemies in strategic battles and communicate with your companions in real time!
6194 | Helicopter Gunship DEX aims to replicate the brilliance of 90s helicopter simulators using modern technology. Employ realistic helicopter tactics during missions generated by a sophisticated procedural random mission system giving you an almost unlimited amount of re-playability.
"6195 | Seiji Maruyama is a middle-aged yakuza recently released from prison. Known as ""Gozuki"" (one of the demon generals from Buddhist mythology) he is the power that his oyabun counts on. But there is one thing his aniki is not taking into account: Maruyama is getting old."
6196 | Unwind and enjoy the slow life in Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles, a relaxing open-world adventure game. Yonder is set in the world of Gemea. A natural island paradise with eight distinct environments ranging from tropical beaches to snow-capped summits.
6197 | Flight of Nova is a simulator based on newtonian mechanics in which you control spacecraft in the Noren star system. You fly multiple types of spacecraft doing transport and search missions in an environment with realistic aerodynamics and orbital physics.
6198 | Create new hairstyles for customers. Cut, dye, and style to perfection. Enhance your skills and master the craft. Run your business and renovate your salon. Generate profit, hire employees - aim to the top! Upload any portrait photo and try out new hairstyles thanks to the character creator!
6199 | Meet Rosa, a kind-hearted girl who wants to open up to you in more than one way! Take her on dates, choose your activities and fap your way into her heart.♡ Develop your relationship through your choices. Friend, Lover, Master. Which one are you?
6200 | A first-person city-building game with powerful tools that allow you to build faster and bigger. Design your own construction blocks and furniture in factories, terraform the open world, build roads and use vehicles to travel to different cities that you or your friends create in solo or coop mode.
6201 | Combat Mission Final Blitzkrieg (CMFB) follows the Western Allies through the battles along Germany's border and into the heart of the Reich itself.
6202 | Join renegade mechanic Robin and uncover the secrets of a dying planet. Explore a big world filled with intricate puzzles, interesting characters and menacing bosses in a beautiful platform adventure that tells a personal story about faith, purpose and the challenge of helping people.
6203 | Embark on a journey to escape this enigmatic room with the busty robot, 「Serving Doll Aisha」! A novel combination of classic escape-room challenges and cutting-edge 3D chest animations awaits you. Can you solve all the puzzles in the end and safely escape this Escape Room?
6204 | Compete to create the most perfect ecosystem in the award-winning board game journey!
6205 | The protagonist, awakened from cryosleep, is guided by Nina from the Bits organization and asked to engage in sexual activities in a harem. To save humanity, the protagonist must impregnate many women; it is the only way left.
6206 | Hexcells is an ambient logic puzzle game for PC, Mac and Linux.
6207 | This is a story about the revenge of a girl who lost her arms and legs to a devil... Noel The Mortal Fate is a charismatic adventure game, now available worldwide on Steam in English, Japanese and Simplified Chinese with seasons 1 - 7 available now in one package.
6208 | Selling over 1,000,000 copies worldwide, the continually growing game maker, Oink Games, has brought their works to Steam! Play 7 popular board games in a variety of situations. With family, with friends, or even by yourself.
6209 | Progressbar95 is a unique indie game with a strong nostalgic vibe. It turns vintage GUI elements like panels, buttons and icons into game elements! Simple and addictive gameplay based on dozens of mini-games and puzzles. The game will make you smile!
6210 | Freedom Fighters is an intense third-person action game set in an alternate history New York during the invasion of a foreign superpower. Take on the role of Chris Stone, a hard-working plumber, and rise through the ranks of the resistance to prove yourself as a charismatic leader.
6211 | Blast your way through enemy lines to defeat Inferno, a madman intent on global domination. Destruction just got awesome.
6212 | Players embark on a journey of self-discovery as they assume the role of Velvet, a young woman whose once kind demeanor has been replaced and overcome with a festering anger and hatred after a traumatic experience three years prior to the events within Tales of Berseria.
"6213 | ""Hira Hira Hihiru"" is a visual novel set in a fictional Taishō Era. It tells the story of its two protagonists' struggle against Aerodema, a terrifying disease which brings the dead back to life."
6214 | The ultimate version of the 3D Platformer with attitude! Join Beebz on three seperate adventures to ultimately claim the Demon Queen title! Jump, spin and punch your way across the turfs with this Expressive Platformer!
6215 | Welcome to Suthseg! As the newly commissioned airship captain, forge a mercantile empire across the archipelago, until the great powers of Europa turn their attention toward it. Build up a fleet, chart trade routes, establish industries, and explore the frontier at your airship's helm!
"6216 | Sneak backstage in a well known music festival. Use unique, and diverse rhythm game mechanics to build your relationships with the artists. Build your own play style and difficulty through the game's ""modifier"" system. SpunkStock features fully animated scenes for each artist."
6217 | War Mongrels is an isometric real-time tactics game that takes place on the eastern front of World War II. Dynamic and tactical gameplay with stealth elements, tightly packed into a dark, fascinating story! Play on your own or in online co-op (PC).
6218 | Join the cutest adventure in Egypt, full of cats! Explore the charming hand-drawn artwork of Egypt locations as you embark on a quest to find 100 adorable cats hidden throughout the game.
6219 | Find 100 cats hiding in Japan in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game. Can you find them all?
6220 | Washed away to the island of Anatol, Alcy now must embark on a journey to escape the island and find her way to safety.
6221 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
6222 | Introducing Chess Ultra; the most breathtaking chess game ever made. Experience stunning 4K visuals, seamless online multiplayer, Grandmaster approved AI and full VR compatibility.
6223 | Flatinside offers a realistic simulation experience set in a vast city waiting to be explored. Work for more money, create your style, buy luxury houses and cars, flirt with women, and dive into the fun at nightclubs. In this city where everyone writes their own story, take your place!
6224 | Enter a VR stealth game as the last human amidst robot managers programmed to 'optimize' the workforce. Escape the office alive by sneaking past enemies or unleash a fistful of knives, quivers of arrows, grenades, and coffee mugs onto their unsuspecting circuits!
6225 | Summer Crush is a visual novel for adults where the plot develops from the decisions you make. Play as a young man who has already planned out his boring adult life, and is now waiting for summer to end. What could possibly go wrong?
6226 | Follow a gripping, surprise-filled journey as two dissimilar characters form an uneasy partnership in order to survive through a perilous, post-apocalyptic America. 150 years in the future, war and destruction have left the world in ruins with few humans remaining and nature having reclaimed the world.
6227 | Constructor Plus is the definitive building simulation for the modern day tycoon. Build your dream town full of crackpot undesirables, businesses, and quirky tenants whilst fending off your rivals in the eagerly awaited sequel to Constructor HD. With almost 3 times more content, building just got bigger!
6228 | Sokobond Express is a beautifully minimalist puzzle game that combines chemical bonds and puzzling pathfinding in novel ways.
6229 | Take on the role of skilled hunter, Sam, in Faeland, an adventure RPG set in a beautiful world inspired by 8-bit classics.
6230 | Happy Sheepies is a relaxing sheep farming game that includes some Crafting and Business Management elements with its simple Drag & Drop gameplay. Meet the needs of your sheepies, craft and sell your products, and grow your business!
6231 | Fight. Flirt. Save the galaxy. Eden Survivors combines rogue-like action, mech-building, and steamy Visual Novel storytelling. Recruit gorgeous heroines, battle through 30 epic levels and explore a universe where love and danger collide. Your adventure, your story, your desires.
6232 | Intercept, eliminate and extract. It’s time to engage the enemy.Sniper Strike is a high-octane sniper experience that pits you in battle across three gameplay modes and 100's of missions. Scout through immersive environments, engage in rapid-fire combat and build the ultimate super-soldier.
6233 | Carp Fishing Simulator aims to be the most advanced, authentic fishing experience on the market.
6234 | 4 short horror games from different authors and in different genres. Each game is an author's vision on the theme of 'pursuit'.
6235 | The premiere Victorian Business Tycoon & Dating Simulator. Your family business has been stolen from you! Forge sexy partnerships in the sheets while crushing rival companies in the streets to become England’s largest monopoly and reclaim your family honor.
6236 | Serious Sam Fusion is a central hub for several existing Serious Sam games developed by Croteam. Cool new features, engine upgrades, patches and updates will be released to existing owners for FREE!
6237 | Dawnmaker is a turn-based city building and deckbuilding game, made by 2 strategy fans. It feels like playing a solo board game. Build luminous cities, optimize your deck and create powerful combinations between buildings and cards to bring life back to a dead world. Play the demo now!
6238 | Join Johnny Gat & Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a quest to save the Boss’ soul. Historical icons, old friends, older enemies, a talking gun, a full length musical number & a whole lot more shenanigans await!
6239 | Final Vendetta is a hard-hitting action packed beat ‘em up in the vein of classic arcade titles. Featuring stunning pixel art and a thumping soundtrack with exclusive tracks from Utah Saints! Brawl with bad dudes and tough girls as you fight through dangerous environments.
6240 | An exploration/horror/adventure game about the codependent, love-hate relationship between two men.
6241 | Sword With Sauce is a fast-paced stealth-action game where you pick weapons, gadgets, and a playstyle to eliminate enemies. Go in loud or stay unseen—it's your choice.
6242 | Ideology in Friction is the story of two knights, Clacier and Annette. They're forced into an impossible situation where they must make a decision that will change their entire lives. What does this destiny have in store for them? Find out in Ideology in Friction!
6243 | An adult-only 2D pixel-art platformer!
6244 | A unique take on the popular genre of battle royales. Multiple fast pace rounds that rewards kills just as much as being the last alive. Team up, take revenge, and be the last bean standing.
6245 | AROUND EVERY CORNER. Face against stealthy antagonists that will take advantage of your expectations.
"6246 | Decide the fates of altruistic scientist Anu, her ambitious, ""streetwise"" brother Octavio, and the fierce, frogurt-slinging Fran. Claw and con your way through five thrilling chapters!"
6247 | The raw, high-stakes world of illegal street racing comes to life in Street Racing Syndicate. Trick out over 40 authentic licensed cars with parts from over 15 real-world manufacturers, then turn your customized ride loose on the streets of 3 cities across the USA.
6248 | The coiling chains of obsession that began with The Shell now threaten to strangle Detective Reiji Tokisaka in the third and final entry in the trilogy. As old friends and foes rise up for one last confrontation, can anyone break the cycle—and can Reiji's heart ever be set free?
6249 | Space Colony: Steam Edition is a remaster of the real-time base builder and strategy game from Firefly Studios, creators of the Stronghold series. In Space Colony you colonize to survive, designing intergalactic bases that keep your crew productive, happy and defended against hostile alien threats.
6250 | Imagine a place of wonder, where magick and technology coexist in an uneasy balance, and an adventurer might just as easily wield a flintlock pistol as a flaming sword. Welcome to the land of Arcanum.
6251 | In a mansion surrounded by mist, as the curse made by the Alchemist and Fairy reappears, the danger is quietly lurking in the darkness, awaiting its visitors.Follow Harrod and Willie to unravel an incredible story in Mercury Abbey, and go on an adventure that you would only find in mystery novels.
6252 | The rules are simple. Reach the other side and kill anyone that stands in your way. Deftly parry and rend their throats, riddle their bowels with arrows, or squish their brains between your toes. The wurm cares not for chivalry.
6253 | Join in the great simulated sportslike experience of friend mounting! Assemble a team and climb your way to the top! Mount Your Friends 3D brings mounting to the third dimension, with the same classic innuendo that made you slightly uncomfortable back in the day.
6254 | Dungeon Warfare is a challenging tower defense strategy game where you become a dungeon lord to defend your dungeons with deadliest of traps and insidious contraptions against greedy adventurers and wanna-be heroes.
6255 | Acclaimed game designer Roberta Williams revives Colossal Cave as a retro, point-&-click, cave exploration puzzler. Based on the original 1970’s design by Will Crowther & Don Woods this 3D update maintains its vintage charm, while revitalizing it for modern gamers.
6256 | Nurikabe World is a relaxing logic puzzle game where you solve puzzles by creating islands and connecting rivers to create beautiful sceneries. Experience different landscapes and seasons, solve puzzle campaigns and create your own levels.
6257 | When giant monsters fight, no one’s safe. Embark on a thrilling quest of survival in a city that’s become a battleground for Titans. Use the lethal strength of Kong and other monsters to your own advantage in this official Monsterverse game set shortly after the events of Godzilla vs. Kong.
6258 | They Are Coming is a hybrid game that combines roguelike, tower defense, and base building in a side-scrolling shooter format. It offers a straightforward gaming experience for pure enjoyment.
6259 | Croakoloco is a relaxing frog collecting idle game. Watch them jump, croak, and eat delicious flies. Grow frogs, feed frogs, or take control of one in “Froggy Mode” for a more active play style!
6260 | Half a year after the events of ROBOTICS;NOTES ELITE, Kaito Yashio is introduced to Itaru Hashida through Nae Tennouji. Unsettling incidents start occurring all around them, harbingers of an event that will again plunge the world into chaos.
6261 | A collection of dozens of Aether-flavored microgames! Dive into the Dreams of Aether, where everyone is trapped in a never-ending nightmare! Meet some of the strangest characters Aether has to offer!
6262 | Become the hero and embark on a sweet adventure with the girls of the Sakura Forest! Elves, witches, maids, catgirls... Along the way, you'll win the hearts of various girls and expand your luxurious harem!
6263 | KeeperRL is a retro dungeon simulator with roguelike and RPG elements. Take the role of an evil keeper and build a formidable dungeon. Recruit sinister minions, equip and train them to explore the world and fight the forces of good.
6264 | Circa 790 AD. A small band of Norse warriors lands on the shores of England. History may have forgotten their names, but their actions live on. As the chieftain of your clan, let ambition guide your choices in the party-based RPG Expeditions: Viking. How will history remember you?
6265 | Venture into a frenetic metroidvania and take part in a fight between divinities where you will have to choose between Corrupting Gold and Purifying Light to achieve your ends.
6266 | Memoirs of a Battle Brothel is an adult (NSFW), narrative-driven, tactical turn-based RPG inspired by traditional pen-and-paper roleplaying games!
6267 | NOTE: This game first appeared in The Jackbox Party Pack. It’s Fibbage XL – The Hilarious Bluffing Party Game in standalone form! Fool your friends with your lies, avoid theirs, and find the (usually outrageous) truth. “The mayor of Rabbit Hash, Kentucky is a ____.” Baby? Rabbit? Ham sandwich? Go!
6268 | Congrats, you're hired! Serve customers and maintain the Happy's Humble Burger Farm restaurant alone on the overnight. But be careful; things fall apart if you mess up! After work, head home and keep your eyes open for a way to escape the Barnyard Buds and their fast food fever-dream.
6269 | A short horror about exploring abandoned space stations and collecting junk in order to pay off your S.R.P.O debt.
6270 | Glowing Stones: Heroes' Awakening is an Adult Visual Novel centering on themes of Romances, Friendships, Superpowers and Superheroes in a dystopian world dominated by mega corporations, where greed and corruption run rampant.Will you discover your True Power?!
6271 | Royal Revolt 2 is an asynchronous PvP Reverse Tower Defense game full of medieval magic and action-laden battles.Can you set up your defenses so other Kings and Queens can't crash your castle gates? We're throwing down the gauntlet. Will you pick it up?
6272 | You can play as a newcomer to the town starting a new life and date the 12 uncles
6273 | Become a legendary merchant and haggler in this medieval fantasy world. Explore, trade and use potions to give you the upper hand in the latest instalment of the tycoon phenomenon Dealer’s Life!
6274 | A koi breeding game.
6275 | Erotic text-based adventure of blue alien women, parasites, and spaceships.
"6276 | You move to a new city to live with your ""former"" stepfather. Work, make friends, and explore the thrilling world of romance in this captivating game. Are you ready for the excitement? Let the journey begin!"
6277 | Mine, farm, manufacture components and build a wide range of machines in an infinite basement. Forget primitive tasks thanks to automation! And sell your products to your customers! Build a parking, a gas station...
6278 | Challenge the Great Tree with the maidens of Gensokyo! Challenge the mysterious great tree that suddenly appeared! Form and develop a large team from the characters of Touhou Project, and challenge the powerful foes that stand in your way! Now, enter the labyrinth that pierces even the skies!
6279 | Adventure Land is an experimental Indie MMORPG. ANYONE can Code not just one, but up to 4 characters! You can play manually, use the given default Javascript Code, or learn programming to do more! Going open-source at 10,000 installs!
6280 | LEGO Builder’s Journey is an atmospheric, geometric puzzle game that asks us to sometimes follow the instructions… and sometimes to break the rules.
6281 | A tactical sci-fi RPG set in an alternative 1970's, where an enormous and inexplicable artifact –the Dome– is discovered in a remote desert. Fight enemies, explore the anomalous wasteland, level up your character, join one of the forces in the ruined world.
6282 | Set out on a grand adventure in this turn-based, retro style, pixel-art RPG, inspired by the great titles of the 90's. Take on the roles of in-game players taking on the roles of their characters in a traditional pen and paper RPG session in the ultimate meta roleplaying experience.
6283 | Children of Silentown is a dark adventure game that tells the story of Lucy, a girl growing up in a village deep in a forest inhabited by monsters. People disappearing is nothing uncommon here, but this time, Lucy is old enough to investigate on her own. Or so she thinks.
6284 | Taur is an action-strategy sci-fi game. Control the Prime Cannon and unlock all of its powerful weapons and abilities. Build turrets, droids, aircraft and more as you fight to protect the homeworld of the Tauron droids against a relentless invasion. Will your Taur stand against the Imperion warmachine?
"6285 | ""Void's Calling"" - is a visual novel with RPG elements where every decision you make can drastically change the course of game's story."
6286 | This enhanced version of 2016’s Megadimension Neptunia™ VII features smoother graphics courtesy of a new engine, a revamped battle system, and a whole new VR experience. Now, their dimensions and yours are connected!
6287 | The most popular vehicle mechanic simulator in the world got a second life in the new Steam version! Build cars, tune them, crash, repair and race against other racers!
6288 | In this retro-inspired adventure game you will have to race back home across the galaxy. Collect new friends on your journey. Make new enemies. You won't be able to save everyone. Who will you leave behind? Which civilizations will you save - or destroy - along the way?
6289 | Astrox Imperium is a relaxing space game where you fly around a generated universe. Mining, Fighting, Building, Exploring, and Surviving. What makes this game unique? You have complete control of how it plays. A robust sandbox and lots of MOD tools. Make it your game, and play it your own way.
6290 | This is a game to manage a supermarket. Set up shelves, arrange products, and make your store bigger and bigger!　Sell your goods to the remaining people, animals, and robots in the last place on earth just before the human race is exterminated.
6291 | Get ready to take control of Ria's life! In this Erotic Visual Novel for Adults, you will decide the future of this promising singer. Her boyfriend's choices will make her a faithful lover or corrupt her.
6292 | RENNSPORT is the future of racing simulation, competition, and digital car culture. Live the thrill of driving high-performance race cars on laser-scanned circuits from around the world and breathtaking roads imagined by the community.
6293 | Beyond Blue is a single-player narrative adventure that takes you deep into our planet’s beating blue heart. Explore the awesome wonder and unbounded mystery that exists within the world’s ocean.
6294 | Build Your smartphone Empire in Mad Smartphone Tycoon, your main goal in this game is to create the ultimate smartphone that combines both performance and aesthetics. Expand your company, dominate the global market, become a tycoon in the world of mobile phones!
6295 | The cult heavy metal fantasy action-strategy gem comes to PC in HD. Lead your armies from the front lines, giving strategic orders to your forces while wading into hack n’ slash action battle. Crush your foes across four campaigns, and spend the spoils of war on upgrading your forces.
"6296 | Please note that NEKOPARA Vol. 0 is a fandisc for NEKOPARA Vol. 1What's NEKOPARA? Why, it's a cat paradise! This is a story just before Kashou opened ""La Soleil"".Enjoy a page from the leisurely, daily lives of Shigure and the Minaduki household's catgirls!"
6297 | Paradise isn't exactly what you hoped for: it's infested with zombies! Thankfully, you can control them. Capture them and teach them to farm or fight. They will help you defend our camp while you explore the world looking for… a new paradise.
6298 | Strategic Command WWII: War in Europe is a deeply immersive turn based strategy game covering the greatest conflict in modern history!
6299 | Project Warlock is a first-person shooter that fans of Doom, Hexen, and Wolfenstein cannot miss. It serves you an exploding cocktail of bullets, spells, and monsters. Battle through 60 levels of non-stop action, packed with bloodthirsty enemies and challenging bosses.
6300 | Mix amazing cocktails while you climb the ranks as a bartender and unlock diverse bartending venues in this narrative-driven bartender simulator.
"6301 | ""Escape Memoirs: Mini Stories"" is a series of co-operative escape-room style puzzle scenarios. Each one is sure to test your wits as you try to overcome the challenges that stand in the way of your escape."
6302 | It's prehistoric egg-blasting fun! Use your slingshot to match three or more dino eggs of the same color... and watch them explode! Can you blast all the eggs before Mama Brontosaurus tramples your game?
6303 | It is a time of war in Europe. Driven by new ideas of Enlightenment, the hearts of men and women across the continent are inflamed with dreams of freedom and glory. This is the moment for a military genius to forge himself a name to be remembered throughout all eternity. This is your moment.
6304 | Gedonia is a classic open world rpg, featuring a complete freedom of building your character, exploring a huge world and completing quests.
6305 | Princess Maker 2 Refine is a life simulation game which you play as a father of a girl, who had descended from the star. You have 8 years to raise your daughter from age 10 to 18 – your daughter will grow into her adulthood through various experiences.
6306 | In a creaky old tavern, in a forgotten corner of the video-game universe, a storm is raging. An anonymous caller suggests that there is a murder plot. Six video game protagonists are the only plausible suspects...
6307 | Milord is a Kingdom Management RPG with city-building mechanics. Immerse yourself in a world where your decisions shape your fiefdom's destiny. Rule wisely as you construct, strategize, and navigate the challenges of leadership. Will you rise to glory or crumble under the weight of your choices?
6308 | Embark on a grand adventure in Phoenotopia! An action-adventure puzzle platformer inspired by the great classics. Meet charming townsfolk, brave the dungeons, and thwart evil in your quest to save your family.
6309 | Help Miyako and Kakeru track down a superpowered serial killer before they strike again.
6310 | The Good People (Na Daoine Maithe) is a lore-rich, choice-driven visual novel inspired by Irish myths. Venture into Tír na nÓg, the Celtic Otherworld, in order to retrieve your family's stolen valuables...and get swept up in deadly fairy politics and a whirlwind romance along the way.
6311 | A game about a very happy guy and his boulder.
"6312 | Build and maintain a power grid for a constantly growing population, while fighting off all kinds of disasters in this thrilling resource management experience. It's time for you to give ""Power to the People""! Do you have what it takes to keep the lights on?"
6313 | The business simulator Plutocracy gives you the chance to become wealthy and powerful to take control over the world. Where policy, laws, officials and people are only the chess pieces how do you play your game?
6314 | Sex and the Furry Titty 3 is turning the heat up to the max! More sex, more tittes and more wild furry ladies! Five new VOICE ACTED scenarios will plunge you even deeper into the throbbing warmth full of seductice choices. Conquer the match-3 challenges, enjoy the most tempting animated scenes yet.
6315 | A tale of small miracles in a snow-covered town— Kanon, the very first game from visual novel studio Key, is now available on Steam! Now featuring HD visuals and full voice support! (The protagonist is only voiced in certain scenes.)
6316 | Run a business with adorable monster girls using power of desire! Employ girls, build your workplace and grow your business in the magical world. Unleash the charm of your team and watch your business thrive!
6317 | Scanner Sombre is a 3d horror cave exploration game where darkness is your greatest foe. Illuminate the unseen with your LIDAR scanner, revealing the eerie beauty and peril of the abyss. From the creators of Prison Architect, this immersive adventure uses light and shadow for a haunting experience.
6318 | Welcome to a world of intrigue and suspicion. Where humans and robots contend with escalating tensions and mutual distrust. And where gangster felines scheme their way to the top of the food chain. Welcome to the Tales of the Neon Sea!
6319 | Teamwork matters most in this seamless, fantastical metroidvania within a living, breathing world. Realize each character's true potential to take down an invading force of overwhelmingly powerful parasites.
6320 | Compete in a bloody fight to the finish in DEATHSPRINT 66, fusing high-speed on-foot racing with deadly obstacles and brutal abilities. Unleash your velocity, push limits, and claim glory like never before.
6321 | Something has been taken. Enter a new Grid and forge alliances via visual novel gameplay, uncovering truths through Identity Disc puzzles. Make critical decisions and plot your own course in a world without a creator.
6322 | Green Hell VR is an Open World Survival game set in the Amazon rainforest, based on the successful PC title Green Hell. You are left alone in the jungle with no food or equipment. To survive, you must learn real-life survival techniques, and crafting weapons can be a matter of life and death
6323 | No obstacle will keep me away from my beloved, my Faith, not even the wild and untamed islands of Kalau’a. Those lovely island ladies can only distract me for so long as my heart’s compass only points in one direction - Faith!
6324 | “METAL SLUG 2”, the 2nd entry in SNK’s emblematic 2D run & gun action shooting game returns to the battlefield on the Steam gaming platform!
6325 | Follow Asuka Osachi, a ditzy girl training to become a nurse at Teito Nursing School. Experience her story with her classmates as they discover love, medicine, and adulthood.
6326 | Older Neptune and friends shoot and slash through enemies of Gamindustri in this rail shooter!
6327 | Discover the fascinating story of Mika, a girl known as a horse whisperer, as she tries to befriend the black stallion called Windstorm.
6328 | My Lovely Empress is an empire management sim inspired by Asian mythology. As the Emperor of the Crimson Empire, you will build relations with neighboring rulers, balance internal factions, and ensure the prosperity of your people, all before you reap their souls to resurrect your beloved empress.
6329 | Rebellion: Rise Of The Damned is an erotic Visual Novel made for ADULTS ONLY. You’ll following the Rebellion and be a key member in destroying the Roman Empire. Huge character cast, beautiful women, lots of nudity. We still have it all.
6330 | A classical science fiction point and click adventure which takes you into a deep story and murky atmosphere, while solving logical puzzles. Accompany Tessa Carter and her talking robot as she finds out about herself and searches for a way to survive.
6331 | Gunpoint is a stealth puzzle game that lets you rewire its levels to trick people. You play a freelance spy who takes jobs from his clients to break into high security buildings and steal sensitive data.
6332 | BERSERK BOY is a high speed action packed Platformer, with Metroidvania elements. Packed with vibrant and stylish pixel art. Go Berserk! as you change into different forms and use the power of Lightning, Fire, Ice, Air, and Earth to save the planet!
6333 | DEADBOLT is an extremely challenging stealth-action hybrid that allows you to take control of the reaper to quell the recent undead uprising.
6334 | ⚡️Fix electronics 📈manage firm 💻challenge the hacker... ServiceIT is a simulation game where you run a full-service IT company to engage in tasks like diagnosing, repairing equipment, network infiltration, programming, server management while an Anonymous hacker keeps sabotaging it all.
"6335 | ""It Was Raining That Night"" is an erotic visual novel that takes you on an adventure in the world of the mafia. With an engaging storyline and attractive characters, you're sure to get lost in the experience. Will you reign supreme or fall?"
6336 | The world's favourite gladiator game has returned, bigger and more action packed than ever. Swords and Sandals 2: Emperor's Reign, remastered with all new graphics, music and powerful new skills and awesome Arena Champions Pharoah King, John the Butcher and Ultra Flavlus
6337 | Something ancient and evil is stirring in Victorian England. Only you can stop it. Journey to the brink of madness and beyond as you set forth alone into the dark.
6338 | Eldevin is the award winning indie story-driven Free to Play MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) from Hunted Cow Studios. Join thousands of other players and explore the mystical lands of Eldevin.
6339 | Betrayed is erotic game that focuses on the main storyline. The player's choices throughout the game will influence the direction of the story. In addition to the main storyline, the game also features side quests, hidden scenes, and bonus content.
6340 | From the producer of the original Fallout comes Wasteland 2. With over 80 hours of gameplay, deck out your Ranger squad with devastating weaponry, test the limits of your strategy skills, and bring justice to the Wasteland! The choices are yours…but so are the consequences.
6341 | Pajama Sam chases down some snickering cookies, only to find himself in the midst of a food squabble!
6342 | In a silent world where music is outlawed, play as a singer to shatter the strings of fate and sing the melody of freedom in this unforgiving Turn Based Rhythm JRPG.
6343 | ❤️ The 4th Cats and Seek series is here! We're off to Tokyo to find cats playing all around the city 🗼. Can you spot them all? 😻
6344 | A Summer's End is a visual novel set in 1980s Hong Kong. It tells of a love story between two women. Lush and vibrant visuals, the game features over 400 unique hand-drawn artwork inspired by Asian cinema and 1980s anime.
6345 | Gamble your fingers against the devil and his bloodthirsty saw in this turn-based strategy game. Outsmart your opponent with special abilities, or test your luck as you defy the odds to escape eternal damnation!
6346 | Solve puzzle panels and uncover the meaning of the symbols within. Explore a dense world where secrets are hidden in plain sight.
6347 | A pig farmer decides he no longer wants to dispose of bodies for the mob. What follows is a discussion between him and his would-be killer.
6348 | Old friends and bitter enemies await as you invade Earth alongside a Mothership full of alien friends! Blast, beam, and bite your way through an endless swarm of enemies as you and up to three of your fellow hominids cause mayhem with a huge arsenal of weapons, mutations, and acrobatic maneuvers.
"6349 | Turn monster girls into your ""Friends"" and embark on an adventure together! This is a rogue-like game inspired by ""Mystery Dungeon,"" where the terrain changes every time you challenge it."
6350 | Love Potion is an engaging visual novel that takes players on a heartfelt journey through the complexities of love and self-discovery.
6351 | Grab your jetpack and explore procedural asteroid fields, derelict spaceships and abandoned outposts. Build and automate your Space Rig to process scavenged trash. Craft, trade and fight your way home in this interstellar, open-world survival sandbox.
6352 | POLYGON is a tactical multiplayer team 1st person shooter. Using various weapons, you will battle with up to 32 players on large-scale maps. Properly managing your arsenal and skills, you will lead your team to victory!
6353 | Welcome to a world where you are lost between consciousness and dreams. As you wander the dark corridors of an old hotel, face the games your mind plays on you. Your memories linger like a shadow following you. But there's nowhere to escape... Are you ready to confront your darkest fears?
6354 | The Puppetmaster Pose-Viewer is the next, new 3DX innovation from the team that brought you Sensual Adventures! This PC-only software application will let you watch and play with Brittany, Trinity, Jasmine, Marcia, Livia and Alexandra in almost any way you like.
6355 | Deadly Premonition 2: A Blessing in Disguise is an open-world survival horror video game serving as both a sequel and prequel to the original Deadly Premonition: The Director’s Cut.
6356 | A surreal mind-bending journey into the depths of madness. You assume the role of Tom, a man hopelessly in love with Daisy, who embarks on a psychedelic adventure through a bizarre and unpredictable world.
6357 | Wrap, weave, and wind your wool! Build works of art strand by strand, one loop at a time, in this tranquil game of craftsmanship. Draw inspiration from the large exhibition of levels available and unwind with the soothing soundtrack.
6358 | Erik and his sister Mia dream of the day they can explore the world. One night they encounter a pair of otherworldly creatures, Porcus and Purrsula, and are whisked away to Draconia - a land full of treasures just waiting to be discovered.
6359 | A narrative-focused adventure in which two heroes find themselves imprisoned within a tavern run by monsters. Will true love prevail or will they give in to debauchery and corruption?
6360 | Starters Orders Classic is a new horse racing management game that simulates owning, breeding and racing your own string around the globe. Based on the highly acclaimed Starters Orders 7 simulation engine Starters Orders Classic features a retro style 2D race sequence for both flat and jumps racing!
6361 | Action adventure meets pinball in this one-of-a-kind pinballvania adventure. When a mysterious spire appears from thin air, it's up to an intrepid pinball to bump, spin, shoot, and flip its way to the top and solve the tower’s mysteries!
6362 | This is a first-person indie horror game. In 9 Childs Street you will find the terrifying atmosphere of a recently abandoned house, and its captive inhabitants, through the eyes of a curious little boy in a red cap.
"6363 | Stefan Feld's highly decorated board game ""The Castles Of Burgundy"" by Ravensburger is getting its digital version on Steam! Enjoy against the challenging AI or friends a beautiful digital version of the classic board game!"
6364 | In this open-world crafting and building game, you explore an ancient world full of dangers and secrets. Collect animals and plants, build bases and master the craft as you build your ark and save civilization from destruction by the flood and then rebuild it.
6365 | Quest Master is a dungeon maker inspired by the classics that first made us love dungeon crawling. Unleash your imagination, alone or in local co-op, to make dungeons full of puzzles, traps and monsters. Upload them for others to explore and challenge yourself with other players’ creations.
6366 | Push the limits of your combat skills, and master new abilities to progress through an unforgiving nonlinear 2D world. Face off against the relentless darkness that seeks to destroy you. In Moonscars, every death is a lesson learnt—and as you overcome each challenge, new truths will be revealed.
6367 | Survive ambitious rulers dreaming of an empire, outsmart treacherous neighbors longing to burn your spoils, and navigate the religion’s predictably unreasonable demands; you need ask only one question as you build your legacy – “Will you burn them, or be burnt?”
6368 | Visual novel about sexual affairs in Sophia's Spa. The basic idea of the game is that the main character Sophia solves normal problems in an abnormal way - with sex, so nudity and explicit sex scenes are included in the main story, additional tasks and minigames.
6369 | THE OLD WEST, 1864. In order to save their family, the McCall brothers will kill anyone who stands between them and the legendary Gold of Juarez.
"6370 | Make friends, free spirits and make sure that the world doesn’t end! Welcome to Kraken Academy, a technicolor fever dream that for legal reasons can only be described as ""technically a school."" Join forces with a magical kraken to save the world!"
6371 | Traverse the sprawling city of Zaun as Ekko, a young inventor with a device to manipulate time, in this story-driven action platformer. Collect parts, craft gadgets, and unlock abilities—then rewind time to adapt your approach to every new challenge.
6372 | Fire up your ray guns, crystal swords, and laser whips, and get ready for thrills and chills! With three incredible movie stars playing out decidedly B-level sci-fi exploits, Dick Starspeed, Scarlet Nova, and Robot will have you ready to jump off the side of the tower—right into adventure!
6373 | Hey you, warrior! Do you want to go to MeowHalla? Then grab your axe and sail with us to new lands full of glorious battles and rich booty.
6374 | TOWER ▪ DEFENSE ▪ STRATEGY. Control Vessels. Utilize their uniquely deep set of towers. Create an everchanging defense. Play with friends. Protect your Basin at all costs. An absolute Tower Defense, Real-Time Strategy Hybrid
6375 | Play chess with help from your AI character, solve chess puzzles, build an unrivaled openings repertoire, and win tournaments worldwide. Become World Champion in the first and only chess career simulator!
6376 | Absolute Drift is a racing game about becoming a master at the art of drifting.
6377 | Dungeon and Puzzles is a dungeon adventure themed Sokoban game. The movement and direction are restricted, and the adventurer's ability can be changed by equipment at hand. Think through every step, destroy every monster and find a way to the end of the dungeon where the treasure awaits.
6378 | The world's first high-speed internal organ liberation simulator is back in full 3D! The slaughter is bloodier, the body parts fly further, and the destruction is heavier. Crash and burn through the 3D rendered crowds with the pedal to the metal.
6379 | A short horror game where you control a decaying spacecraft exploring distant star systems.
6380 | Explore the remains of a fallen world from fascinating perspectives! Slip into the role of different animals to uncover the fate of an ancient world. Dive into deep waters, fly at lofty heights, dig underground as a mole, climb steep cliffs with a mountain goat, and many more!
6381 | A high-tempo shooting game with simple controls! Upgrade your character with cards and defend the gates from your enemies.
6382 | B.E.S.T is an erotic visual novel with multiple decisive choices and several possible endings. Participate in various challenges ! Help your friends or betray them ! There is only one goal: to be the best. It's up to you to decide what you want to become !
6383 | Choose fate. Choose story. The fate of the witches is in your hands.
6384 | Become the protagonist in an all-new VR romance adventure game! Enjoy a life full of excitement with two charming sisters at a hot spring resort! Make love bloom in this hot spring story in full VR!
6385 | Calcium Contract is a fast-paced first-person shooter where you're on a mission to finish a contract that got out of hand. Learn to swiftly move around your enemies and master your arsenal as you fight your way toward the grand finale. Includes a unique score-attack mode in ever-changing arenas.
6386 | Starters Orders 6 is an in-depth Horse Racing management simulation. Train your string of horses and race around the globe. Build up your stable and breed new horses. Take the role of the jockey and ride in races (with Oculus Rift support).
6387 | The standalone expansion for Mount & Blade! With Fire & Sword builds and expands upon the highly regarded combat system from Mount & Blade: Warband. Firearms have been introduced to the battlefield.
6388 | Sign official FIFPRO licensed players and compete to become the ultimate football manager!
6389 | Embark on an all-new adventure with Shantae, the hair-whipping belly dancing genie. After losing her magic, Shantae teams up with the nefarious pirate Risky Boots in order to save Sequin Land from a curse.
6390 | Build up your headquarters from scratch and design your own masterpiece. In Rescue HQ you build, organize and manage a joint station for firefighters, police and ambulance. Manage your resources wisely and master challenging emergencies to keep your city safe! Are you up to the challenge?
6391 | Sequel to the critically acclaimed action adventure. Experience a gorgeous new third person 3D view and embark on an epic journey that unfolds the mysteries of what happened 1000 years ago.
6392 | On your maiden voyage with the Heroes Guild, your ship was capsized by an enigmatic maelstrom, stranding your party on Respite Island. Navigate your way through pirates, ferocious beasts, and shady alchemists as you unravel its mysteries.
6393 | Northern Québec, 1970. A bizarre mist —the Brume— is disconnecting a rural mining village from its quiet reality. Step into the shoes of Detective Carl Faubert as he unfolds the mysteries haunting the region while battling for his own survival.
6394 | Show who is the biggest black hole in the town!
6395 | Serious Sam HD: The First Encounter is a visually upgraded and fully Steam supported remake version of the original high-adrenaline single-play and 16-player co-operative arcade-action FPS which was Gamespot's Game of the Year 2001 and which scored overall of 87% on Metacritic!
6396 | Embark on a magical quest as Fynn the dragon to rescue your unhatched siblings from the mysterious Cavern of Dreams in this N64-style 3D platformer. Gain new abilities, meet unique characters, solve puzzles, and beware of the mysterious villain.
6397 | VALKYRIE DRIVE -BHIKKHUNI- is the all-new all-action brawler from the creators of SENRAN KAGURA. The girls of Bhikkhuni are infected with the mysterious VR-Virus and the only way to control it is to fight.
6398 | Vanguard Exiles is a new style of Auto-Battler designed by legendary game designer, Richard Garfield, where each player pits their Squad against their opponent in an ever-changing environment.
6399 | AUTOMOBILISTA places you in the driving seat of an advanced racing simulator, featuring elite brazilian racing series along with a wide range of racing vehicles and international tracks for a uniquely diverse motorsports experience.
6400 | WarPlan Pacific is an operational level wargame which covers all the nations at war in the Pacific theatre from December 1941 to 1945 on a massive game scale.
6401 | It's Sora and Kakeru's time to shine when the action heats up in 9-nine-: Episode 2. Can they take down the murderer before it's too late for them both?
6402 | Worms Rumble is Worms like you’ve never played it before, with intense, real-time, arena-based 32 player cross-platform combat. Get ready for Deathmatch and Last Worm Standing modes where you’re only ever a Holy Hand Grenade away from death!
6403 | Re-Volt lets you guide one of 28 remote control cars through insane race tracks set in unusual environments. Curbs become huge walls, toys are obstacles, and everything is fair game to drive on, through, or over.
6404 | ♂ Unique Furry Horror with Muscular Mister Furries, Deep Plot, Great Sound Effects and Creepy Atmosphere of Furry Dungeon. Hot Milk, Dungeon Items, Gym, Gay-Bar, Pool, Locker Room, Atmospheric Music and much more! Will you be able to escape punishment from Mister Furry? ♂
6405 | Lootun is a Semi-Idle RPG with a strong focus on Character/Skill Progression, Item Hunting, and Inventory Management. Assemble a team of adventurers and send them off to clear missions while you Craft, Upgrade and Enchant the Loot!
6406 | Play an 2d turn based RPG multiplayer game, stylize your own shinobi and play different game modes alone or with your friends! Level up, unlock various items and skills and procced in your journey of becoming the next Kage!
6407 | Therion returns as the hunt for Lord Vroll continues. Pilot an advanced machine of death and destruction in this explosive 2.5D side-scrolling shoot ‘em up, and sequel to the critically acclaimed Valfaris. Strap in and unleash mecha hell!
6408 | First released in arcades in 1980, the masterpiece PAC-MAN comes to Steam! Move PAC-MAN up, down, left, and right to avoid the ghosts and gobble up all the Pac-Dots!
6409 | Jump!
6410 | A sequel to the popular Halloween adventure from Double Fine Productions!
6411 | MILF Odyssey is an Adult Visual Novel focusing on exploring the final frontier. The game is packed with sex, romance, sexy aliens, and multiple references to popular sci-fi culture. Play as a young male ensign and build up your career and harem.
6412 | Experience the most complete racing ever with RIDE 3! Race on different tracks all over the world, put your favourite vehicles' speed to the test and have fun by customising them with the new Livery Editor.
6413 | Imagine a world where you strike a pact with a Succubus, turning your life upside down. Overnight, you transform from a single to a babe magnet. The question remains: are you capable of satisfying them all? Discover the answer today!
6414 | Experience the first “modern-era” Ys game, now off the small screen for its worldwide PC debut! Features a full party system, dozens of unique combat skills, and a massive overworld to explore. Uncover the secret of the Five Great Dragons, and help Adol Christin save the day once again!
6415 | Famous detective Kosuke Kindaichi's first case, the Honjin Murder Mystery. Honjin descendant Kenzo Ichiyanagi and his new wife Katsuko Kubo lay dead in a bed of blood on the night of their wedding. Kosuke Kindaichi searches for the truth about this locked room murder mystery. However...
6416 | A story of two not-so-common sex friends filled with lust, trickery, laughter and maybe even love.
6417 | Satisfy your customers by enriching their food with your nutritious & delicious futanari sauce!
"6418 | Yohane the Parhelion is an official spin-off of ""Love Live! Sunshine"". 『Yohane the Parhelion - NUMAZU in the MIRAGE -』 is a deckbuilding roguelite set in that world! A mysterious mirror world that changes each time it's entered. After countless choices, Yohane chooses..."
6419 | Descending suddenly on the world, the macabre Mort armies destroy nation after nation, leaving humanity decimated in their wake. Among the forces resisting the Mort is a small band of mercenaries known as the Ashen Hawk Brigade.
6420 | Solve puzzles embedded in rocks and crystals as you explore a colorful, serene alien asteroid. Discover a few clever twists as you progress in this short and sweet puzzle experience.
6421 | Beloved Rapture is an indie jRPG inspired by the classics. Explore beautiful landscapes, fight in turn-based battles, and uncover many secrets. This mid-length adventure balances both an intimate coming of age story, and larger threats looming over the troubled kingdom.
6422 | A land of discovery stretches out before you. Explore the beautiful, rugged world of RiME. Armed with your wits and a will to overcome—and the guidance of a helpful fox—you must explore the enigmatic island, reach the tower's peak, and unlock its closely guarded secrets.
6423 | World War 3 is a free-to-play tactical online multiplayer FPS where the world is your battleground. Outgun the enemy in thrilling, team-based skirmishes with a huge arsenal of weapons, vehicles, gadgets, and drones at your disposal.
6424 | Conquer PickCrafter, the hit indie idle game! Break blocks, forge equipment, and collect powerful Pickaxes. Prestige to legendary tiers with the new Ascension Skill Tree. Discover biomes and battle epic bosses. Make meaningful choices and invent complex builds in this addictive endless adventure!
"6425 | The ""Debating Sim"" returns! Engage famous philosophers of all stripes, challenge their ideas, and change the world— or just tell everyone they smell terrible. NONSENSE!"
6426 | Sign up to be a galaxy trucker today! An adaptation of Vlaada Chvátil’s award-winning board game is now on Steam. Already includes the ALIEN TECHNOLOGIES expansion!
6427 | Imagine riding a motorcycle freely on an endless highway at night, embraced by the silence of the night. Cruising under the glow of streetlights creates an incredible atmosphere. Turn on your motorcycle's headlights and get ready to feel the joy of gliding across the asphalt!
6428 | ScourgeBringer is a fast-paced free-moving roguelite platformer. Help Kyhra to explore the unknown and slash her way through ancient machines guarding the seal of her past, and maybe the redemption of humanity.
6429 | Join the cutest adventure in the Aztec-themed with Cats in Ancient World! Explore the charming hand-drawn artwork of Ancient themed locations as you embark on a quest to find 100 adorable cats hidden throughout the game.
6430 | In a post-apocalyptic world submerged by the sea, the wake of the enemy is apparent at every turn. From turning the tides of naval warfare to dominating the skies in break-neck aerial combat, every decision you make will change the outcome of the battle.
6431 | Earth, 1976. You have been tasked with managing a deep-sea science facility working to perfect cloning. Explore the darkness and keep your crew alive in this hardcore survival colony builder. And beware. The darkness hides untold horrors.
6432 | Christopher arrives at his grandmother's countryside home late at night for a seemingly ordinary visit. But soon after reuniting, he begins to notice something isn't right. The familiar setting warps into a place of unease, and the mystery that unravels is far more complex than anyone could expect.
6433 | The Talos Principle VR is a virtual reality version of Croteam's critically acclaimed first-person puzzle game in the tradition of philosophical science fiction.
6434 | Scathe is an intense, blood-soaked FPS where quick reflexes are the key to surviving bullet Hell. Rip through the labyrinth that stands between you and your ascension. Blast your way through the underworld’s deadliest demons solo or with up to three comrades in drop-in/drop-out online co-op.
6435 | Trapped inside the Paradise Hotel, you are desperate to find your sister. Explore dark surroundings, gather resources, and survive terrifying encounters. This intense single-player VR survival horror game with great storytelling will get your adrenaline pumping.
6436 | Take care of a group of travelers on a post-apocalyptic road-trip across the United States in this turn-based survival game.
6437 | Influent is a Language Learning Game focused on rapid vocabulary acquisition in a 3D world featuring over 400 nouns, adjectives, and verbs all with native pronunciations in 23 languages! Players have complete freedom to choose which words they want to learn without any need for pencils or books!
6438 | A puzzle based deck building rogue-like prequel to The Binding of Isaac... Made of cardboard!
6439 | Welcome to Glass Masquerade - an artistic puzzle game inspired by Art Deco & stained glass artisans of the 20th century. You need to combine hidden glass pieces to unveil clocks and themes exhibited by various cultures of the world at the 'International Times Exhibition'
6440 | Driven by a rare neurological affliction plaguing his family, Joshua has to recover his memories by exploring parallel realities through déjà vu. Facing the innermost depths of his past – moments both joyous and painful – seems to be the only way to get his life and family back together.
6441 | The Cat Lady follows Susan Ashworth, a lonely 40-year old on the verge of suicide. She has no family, no friends and no hope for a better future. One day she discovers that five strangers will come along and change everything...
6442 | A new life begins in a low-cost apartment. Strange occurrences at night and the suspicious behavior of neighbors gradually push the protagonist to the edge.
6443 | Tasty Blue is an underwater side-scrolling eat 'em up game. You start as a small goldfish with an insatiable appetite. After being overfed by your owner, you'll escape into the ocean and eat everything that you encounter. The more you eat, the bigger you get!
6444 | You are thrown into a weird world by the machine Garage. Can you escape from it?
6445 | Go undercover as the world’s greatest spies in this tense multiplayer game of subterfuge. Disguise as anyone, deploy an arsenal of high-tech gadgets or neutralize the competition. As long as you extract with the objective, no trick is too dirty when you work for DECEIVE INC.
6446 | The week you spend in Japan will certainly be memorable!!! Get a taste of the foreign travel offered by printed guidebooks. Enjoy a tour around Japan from the comfort of your own home!
6447 | Modern technology versus the slums, the WSA versus the gangs, third-party mysterious forces, and strange alien creatures - all of these conflicts are shrouded in an impenetrable fog that will shatter your past life. Start over, solve all the mysteries, and become the hero of the city.
6448 | By night, delve deep into your subconscious and discover powerful artifacts to conquer your nightmares. By day, explore the city of Redhaven and build relationships to unlock the power of your dreams. DREAM. DIE. WAKE. REPEAT.
6449 | Join the genius alchemist Noah and her cat companion Zipper as they explore ancient ruins to uncover the secrets hidden within! Create unique teams and combos from 40+ recruitable allies in this casual but compelling game!
6450 | Command the Trolls and lead them on an epic journey across the wild continent of Urgath. As Chieftain of the Moonkin, a tribe driven from its home by tusk hunters and disease, their survival is in your hands.
6451 | Angels swooping across a disastrous sky! The shoot 'em up of gothic horrors is back
6452 | Share the same body with a friend in Split Brain. One of you controls, the other one sees, but the decisions are made together! Face the illusion and uncover the truth to find your way out of Hexarture.
6453 | S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Clear Sky – standalone prequel for the acclaimed S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl, which tells you story about the Clear Sky group, that want to research the Zone and understand it better.
6454 | Click on the cursor to receive clicker gold. Upgrade your clicks with your clicker gold. Click on the falling cursors to receive more clicker gold! Purchase projectiles in the shop that will clean out the falling cursors for you.
6455 | CryoFall is a sci-fi colony simulation survival game set on a forgotten planet in a distant future. Master technology, agriculture, trading, industry, cybernetics, exploration, and more!
6456 | Take control of five tons of metal and power, and floor it until you reach the finish line!Drive fully destructible trucks in Championship, Time Attack, Elimination and Quick Race. Get rid of opponents trying to block your way and make a reputation for yourself!
6457 | Endless ATC is a realistic air traffic control simulator with a simple, easy to use interface. The goal is to guide as many planes as possible safely to the runways. Find out how many flights you can manage to control!
6458 | Strap into EXOcars and compete against real players in single-player races and real-time multiplayer. Exciting driving feedback, advanced physics and graphics make for an unparalleled VR buggy racing experience.
6459 | Trackmania² Lagoon has you racing on raised tracks above a tropical island filled with insane activities. It comes with a FREE Trackmania multiplayer channel, an exclusive solo campaign, a new game mode and a world of possibilities in UGC.
6460 | Dreadful monsters were stirring in the cave where Udonge had fallen into. Low-class monsters starving for females creep up, one after another. Can she escape the violence of sexual desire, or will she be trapped and have everything destroyed by sheer pleasure and humiliation?
6461 | A metroidvania game heavily influenced by SOTN. Play as Lenga, the Battle Angel, going on a quest to reclaim the floating castle occupied by the Demon army!
"6462 | ""8AM"" is a suspense game where you find yourself trapped in a room, watching a family through cameras. Without explanations, you must decide if strange events occur night after night. Being correct extends the time, seeking your release by 8:00 a.m."
6463 | Take a trip down memory lane and relive the magical times of the 8-Bit era with a collection of Namco’s hits and long-lost treasures in Namco Museum Archives Volume 2.
"6464 | ""Shower With Your Dad Simulator 2015: Do You Still Shower With Your Dad?"" is a fast paced shower-simulation where you shower with your 8-bit dad.It's good, clean fun!"
6465 | CRIKEY! TY is back with a brand new adventure, in this fully remastered version of TY the Tasmanian Tiger 3: Night of the Quinkan. Pick up your rangs; pull on your shorts, and prepare to rescue the SOUTHERN RIVERS from a brand new threat - the QUINKAN...
6466 | LumineNight is a story-driven detective adventure. Play as Detective Foster and his daughter to solve a series of murders spanning a decade. Interrogate suspects, infiltrate locations, solve puzzles, and gather evidence from crime scenes. Uncover the dark truth behind these killings.
6467 | Build the most successful cinema business in the world!
6468 | Set in the unforgiving lands of Alaska, Edge of Sanity is a Cthulhu-inspired, 2D survival horror game. Uncover a disturbing story while madness claws at your mind. Lead a group of survivors and explore, scavenge and survive together - against untold eldritch horrors.
6469 | Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies. With a bold new look and the addition of new game modes, player-versus-player and multiplayer co-op, every play brings fun new opportunities and challenges.
6470 | a hostile interpretation of the immersive sim, where nothing is planned, and everything works
6471 | Create a prosperous island paradise for your industrious, intelligent tribe with this real-time Brain Teaser! Your tribe will have a mind of its own, learning skills and starting families even when you`re not around, but check back often to keep your island idyllic.
6472 | The origin of the series, the abnormality of the fighting game genre, now returns... HEAVEN or HELL？LET'S Rock！
6473 | QWERTY & Midi Piano. Multiplayer piano or use it as a visualizer (render video or save audio from within the app)! Keep track of stats and unlock achievements.
6474 | COMPOUND is a randomized rogue-lite, free-roaming shooter for VR veterans. Duck and dodge around enemy fire in a tough-as-nails retro FPS with multiple locomotion options. Download the demo below!
6475 | “METAL SLUG 3”, the masterpiece in SNK’s emblematic 2D run & gun action shooting game series, still continues to fascinate millions of fans worldwide to this day for its intricate dot-pixel graphics, and simple and intuitive game controls, heads out to the Steam gaming platform!
6476 | A fiercely formidable sci-fi survival game, set on a hostile alien world that wants you dead! Alone, or with a crew, do you have what it takes to survive?
6477 | Heartbound is a non-traditional role-playing game about a boy, his dog, secrets, and sanity.
6478 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
6479 | Among Ashes is a terrifying first-person survival horror game. Your friend has sent you a link to a game that someone posted online, but as you play you quickly realise that something is terribly wrong. Whatever you do… K̴͉͚̗̅̃̄E̷͓̤̺̊͠E̴̤̰̿̽P̴̠̳̀́ ̴̨̮̭̕̚P̷̠͇̳͐̓̀L̶̹̔Ả̷̧Y̵̘̺͆̓Ï̸̻̏͂N̷͙̯͊G̵͖̹̠̽̿
6480 | Experience all the adrenaline of Motocross with the official Championship’s only videogame!
6481 | Set several years after the end of Risen, raging titans have devastated the world and pushed humanity to the brink of existence. Subsequently, monstrous creatures have risen from the watery depths of the sea and their attacks have brought all seafaring to a grinding halt.
6482 | Dead of Darkness is a 2D survival-horror action-adventure. Investigate a mysterious island and unravel its disturbing secret. You’ll have to face grotesque creatures, hurdle deadly traps, solve puzzles, and most importantly, survive.
6483 | Manage your own library! Organize and classify books however you like, furnish the space with shelves, help visitors find their books, and maintain silence to keep them happy!
6484 | Experience the full evolution of the award-winning Geometry Wars franchise and battle through waves of enemies on 3D grids in this frenetic arcade shooter!
6485 | Starring a cast of beloved Disney characters, The Disney Afternoon Collection takes you back to a golden era of gaming and afternoons filled with adventure. All six classic games feature new and improved visuals and include filtering options that replicate a retro look and feel.
6486 | Scrapnaut is a co-op & singleplayer top-down, base building survival game with steampunk elements. Explore an open world with different biomes, take care of oxygen, manage your farms, generate electricity, build your home and much more!
6487 | Want to get rich, quick? Welcome to FERIOS, where you’ll be empowered to pursue wealth and success as a mid-level stockbroker! Your wildest dreams of wealth can come true… at the cost of everything else.
6488 | Fight your way to the capital and slay the emperor! Choose from a variety of characters with unique spells and skills! Featuring permadeath, interactable terrain, distinct builds, wild combos, and endless replayability.
6489 | The Red Lantern is a narrative, dog sledding game about survival. You play as the Musher who, along with her team of 5 sled dogs, must find her way home. Care for your dogs, discover their stories, and learn how to navigate the unknowns of the Alaskan wilderness and prepare for your new life.
"6490 | This game ""Q REMASTERED"" is a simple puzzle game that anyone can enjoy! You can freely draw lines and shapes on the screen. The drawn object will fall down due to gravity. You will use the object to solve more than 1200 missions. Can you get the ball out of the cup? Let's challenge!"
"6491 | Hentai VS Furries offers colorful gunshots. Skins, special angles for your enjoyment. And a ""Pleasure"" mode without a fight if you want to enjoy calm."
6492 | DREAMWILD is a fast paced, Arcade-Styled FPS set in a multitude of unique and bizarre psychedelic worlds! Slice through the endless horde with your accursed sword, discover the secrets that the DreamWilds have to offer, and get to the bottom of the dark plague spreading through all Mindspace!
6493 | Adventure and fight in a medieval fantasy open world! Build heroic characters with various abilities, travel through villages, cities, or perilous dungeons. Strategic turn-based combat system and advanced character building - Fog of war, charging and flanking, and more in the fast-paced Arena mode.
6494 | In Silent Hill Homecoming, Alex Shepherd has returned to his hometown of Shepherd's Glen to investigate the sudden disappearance of his brother. From Shepherd's Glen to the foggy streets of Silent Hill, Alex will face the darkest of horrors while struggling with his own grip on reality.
6495 | House of Lost Souls is a story-driven horror game about Jack, who returns to his old family home in search of answers. Explore distorted memories, uncover dark secrets, and learn the truth about the tragedy that changed his life forever.
6496 | Do you find tycoon games too simplistic? GearCity is a complex and in-depth business simulator. It focuses on a realistic economic simulation of the global automobile industry. The game takes several hours to grasp and hundreds of hours to master. Can you succeed where many other CEOs have failed?
6497 | Shantae embarks on her first full HD adventure! When a mysterious crime wave sweeps Sequin Land, it’s up to Half-Genie Hero Shantae to save the day! Use Shantae’s devastating Hair-Whip Attack to send monsters flying, or Belly Dance to transform her into more powerful forms!
6498 | PAW Patrol is on a roll! No job is too big, no pup is too small! Join the entire PAW Patrol team—including Everest and Tracker—for 16 exciting rescue missions around Adventure Bay! Help each pup use their unique abilities to help their friends and save the day!
6499 | Bramble Royale is a wild, no-holds barred card brawl in the wacky world of Meteorfall. Build a face-melting deck, break the rules, and stomp your opponents in this fast-paced & fresh take on roguelike deckbuilders.
6500 | Serious Sam is a high-adrenaline arcade-action shooter heavily focused on frantic action. In a world where cyberpunk meets fantasy-fiction and advanced technology is mixed with black magic and psycho-powers, Sam travels through four beautiful worlds, confronting countless foes on his way to Mental's base.
6501 | Change the course of AMC’s The Walking Dead history. Fight walkers, relive iconic moments, and change the destiny of The Walking Dead Universe as your choices separate heroes from villains, and the living from the dead. Will you make the same choices as Rick, or will you forge your own path?
6502 | Travel by train through a dying world. Look after your passengers, keep your train operational, and make sure you can always reach the next station. Make your way through swarms of infected at each station. Explore mysterious and abandoned stations looking for supplies and survivors.
6503 | Pilgrims is a playful adventure game, created by the team behind Machinarium and Samorost. Roam the land as you please and make new friends, share a laugh with your fellow travelers and help them complete their little stories, your way. How many different solutions can you find?
6504 | The fastest and most iconic bikes in the world's biggest digital garage!
6505 | Paranoid is a horror that tells the story of Patrick who has been living in isolation from the outside world for many years. One day he receives a phone call from his sister, who announces her visit more than a dozen years after she disappeared.
6506 | Combine deadly racing, deckbuilding, and roguelite style to get car battles unlike anything before! Choose a driver, car, weapons, and sponsors to overcome tactical encounters. Adapt to an ever-changing race to come out on top and earn entry into the last safe haven on the Divided States of America.
6507 | A wizard academy management sim where you—an obviously benevolent professor—must manage & cast spells on your many apprentices so that they might study the right spells… and perhaps even survive the researching process. Some may die, but oh well, can’t save them all!
"6508 | Join Sylvester ""Sly"" Boots and Stiletto Anyway as they trek across six bizarre planets investigating a galaxy-crushing mystery, searching for artefacts from an extinct alien race and unlocking the secrets of a powerful, advanced technology. It's your turn. PICK YOUR POISON."
6509 | Awaken an expansive musical realm in this non-violent and poetic platformer. In Symphonia, you'll use the power of your violin coupled with your platforming skills to gather an orchestra to bring the musical machinery of the world back to life.
6510 | FOOTSIES is a simple 2D ground-based fighting game that both new and experienced players can pick up and enjoy right away. Featuring online battle mode with rollback netcode, implemented using GGPO open-source codes.
6511 | Build your own military camp, manage the economy, recruit the best candidates and train them to become elite specialists. Send them on missions across the land to end the war once and for all!
6512 | Scars Above is a challenging sci-fi third-person action adventure shooter combining the rewarding feel of overcoming difficulty with a compelling and intricate story, set in a mysterious alien world to explore.
6513 | In a race against time, Betty embarks on a thrilling, comedy-packed adventure to crack a conspiracy that starts with a bang and ends at 3 Minutes to Midnight.
6514 | The ocean took it all… now take it back! In this short semi-idle island builder you’ll resurface fertile farmland - tile by tile. As you plant, harvest and expand you’ll obtain helping hands and discover what else lies below the surface.
"6515 | Shoot! Dodge! and... Get Hit!? ""Ikaruga"" is a vertical shoot 'em up that features an unique polarity-switching gameplay. Switch the ship's polarity and ""get hit and absorb"" enemy bullets! Achieve High Score with the chain bonus!"
6516 | Unravel a string of gruesome murders terrorizing Tokyo in this mystery-thriller visual novel. The secrets of a case from six years prior may just be the key to the current unending cycle of tragedy—and the thing that cracks this woeful world’s shell may be one girl’s smile.
6517 | IT’S HERE, FATE FANS! FATE - The Traitor Soul has arrived on Steam! This third game has more loot, more spells, more heroes and, most importantly, more pets. Hit “add to cart” already! Or read on for more details on this classic game.
6518 | A new, remade version of the Panzer Dragoon game – true to the original, with improved graphics and controls, that suit modern gaming standards!
6519 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
6520 | MainFrames invites you to meet Floppy and to browse a clever and charming platformer that plays out entirely within the windows and desktop of a PC monitor. You won’t want to press the escape key on this cozy outing!
6521 | Step into the frozen unknown in Forsaken Frontiers, a cooperative analog horror adventure set in the unforgiving embrace of an everlasting winter.
6522 | Power through hordes of zombies, '90s arcade style, in this on-rails survival horror shooter.
6523 | Step into the role of a pilgrim in Chinese-style rooms blending culture and puzzles. Explore ancient temples and studies, experiencing the poetic ambiance and Zen spirit of Chinese art while uncovering hidden mysteries. A must-try for puzzle lovers and fans of Chinese culture!
6524 | Joe Danger, the world’s most determined stuntman, returns to embark on a death-defying thrill-ride across the set of the greatest blockbuster movie ever made. Across 100 crazy levels he’ll chase crooks by police bike, destroy laser-firing robots with a stolen jetpack, escape giant boulders in a minecart, time-travel to punch dinosaurs...
6525 | Learn state-of-the-art seduction secrets from the master himself, Richard La Ruina, in this incredibly valuable live action seduction simulator.
6526 | Does Jim like chocolate cake? WAS JANET WEARING A HAT!?! Solve exhilarating mysteries like these in Logic Town, a relaxing coffee-break puzzle game of pure deduction.
6527 | Itsuki Yuge is suddenly summoned to the magical world of Granvania to save it from evil Impurities. To return to his own world, he must save this one with the help of his Star Children born between him and the 12 Star Maidens!
6528 | Finally, my reunion with my first love from ten years ago… And he didn't even notice it was me! In that case… I'll just have to make him fall for the new me then!
6529 | Advanced Space Flight, Combat, Trading, and Exploration Simulation. Set in a vast explorable universe, Evochron Legacy offers freeform gameplay with many diverse objectives and paths to choose from.
6530 | Three years after the Purity Wars, Nortander is on the cusp of a new era.
6531 | “Massive debt, a shabby brothel, and a naughty succubus… This is all I get for defeating the Demon God?!” Hire monster girls to attract customers and pay off your debts! Don't forget to give your girls lots of hands-on job training!
6532 | World-famous red-haired adventurer Adol Christin awakens in the unfamiliar land of Celceta, remembering nothing more than his name. Join Adol and his new friends as he embarks on an adventure to map the wilderness and reclaim his memories in this beloved action RPG from Nihon Falcom.
6533 | Collect resources and establish a defense line before dark And then Facing countless enemies
6534 | Book of Demons is a Hack & Slash in which YOU decide the length of quests. Wield magic cards instead of weapons and slay the armies of darkness in the dungeons below the Old Cathedral. Save the terror-stricken Paperverse from the clutches of the Archdemon himself!
6535 | In a world where comic books are real - The final issue is Evil!
6536 | 10 Tales of Terror from 10 Twisted Minds. Made in only 7 Sleepless Nights. The Dread X Collection is a series of small games created by some of the most talented indie devs around, all with the same mission: create the P.T. for the horror project of their dreams.
6537 | WWII Tactical submarine combat in the South Pacific
6538 | MAMIYA is a captivating, dark mystery visual novel in which a group of young men struggle against existential dread before the end of the world.
6539 | A top-down action roguelite about catching fish, fighting them, selling their bones, and catching more fish. Upgrade your boat and weapons, hunt down sea monster bounties, delve into eldritch mysteries, and try to pay off a cosmic debt millennia in the making.
6540 | After every night comes a new dawn, filled with hope and light. As the adventure of our heroes continues, let’s discover what lies ahead!
6541 | Artifact Seeker: Resurrection is a 3D Roguelike Survivor RPG game. Aurorium continent is just a board of gods game. You can obtain artifacts by slaying enemies. How to use the power of artifacts, to play the game of gods? To end the game ? Or just be a god yourself. Artifact Seeker, Your choice.
6542 | Play Disc Golf online with friends in a casual, but physically accurate Disc Golf simulation. Explore beautiful and diverse procedurally generated worlds, or create your own in the map editor. Play a new course every time, or replay your favourite course to master it.
6543 | Missed shots grow guns in this multiplayer shooter. Fire your bullets into the ground to plant your ammo. The longer it grows the more ammo you will get!
6544 | Carmageddon is the original freeform driving sensation, where pedestrians (and cows!) equal points, and your opponents are a bunch of crazies in a twisted mix of automotive killing machines. The game features anarchic drive-wherever-you-like gameplay and over-the-top surreal comedy violence. It’s the racing game where racing is for wimps.
6545 | The ultimate melee action [GUILTY GEAR 2 -OVERTURE-] is now on Steam!! Pushing [Gameplay] and [Entertainment] to the extremes, with a splash of [Competitiveness] -- That's GUILTY GEAR 2 for you.
6546 | Pawnbarian is a quick-playing, turn-based puzzle roguelike. Play cards to move your hero like a chess piece, and conquer challenging dungeons full of cunning monsters!
6547 | Between Horizons is a narrative 2.5D sci-fi detective adventure. 33 years into the Zephyr's journey, its mission is suddenly jeopardized. Can you find the culprit before it's too late? Experience an enthralling story set in a semi-open world that branches and ends based on your choices.
6548 | Atomic Picnic is a Roguelike Shooter with Explosive Synergy! Dominate chaotic battles by cutting through swarms of monsters! Team up with friends or take them on solo! Unleash devastating combos by combining and evolving powerful upgrades to conquer The Zone.
6549 | Plan your next move wisely, every additional combo can make the difference! Whether in solo or duo, online or offline, mix and match your units to defeat your enemies in this Definitive Edition of Might & Magic: Clash of Heroes!
6550 | Build rigs to mine Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrency. Trade on the market to grow wealth. Expand your business into new offices. Hire skilled employees and assign tasks. Use cash from your mega farms to research new technologies and reach the goal of each scenario.
6551 | The Great Conch Shell has been stolen and it's up to Freddi Fish and Luther to catch the culprit!
6552 | After a tragic event, moving to a new city leads you to work in a dark warehouse. Unravel the mysteries surrounding the protagonist's past and survive through 5 shifts, avoiding ruthless enemies, where a convoluted story unfolds in the style of retro-stylized graphics.
6553 | A point and click life simulator about being reborn on an island paradise filled with fantastical monster-hotties! Live your brand new day-to-day life making by friends and indulging in erotic intimacy!
6554 | Welcome [EMPLOYEE] to your new job protecting Deep Sea Cables from creatures of the deep. We're not liable for loss of limbs, sanity, or life while on the job. Don't forget to keep your desk clean and your eyes on those cameras!
6555 | VVVVVV is a platform game all about exploring one simple mechanical idea - what if you reversed gravity instead of jumping?
6556 | In the bayside area of Kanto, a murder with unknown motivations sets off a series of seemingly random events bringing together peculiar individuals, one of whom is detective Tokio Morishima. When their ambitions begin to collide, a truly shocking pattern emerges…
6557 | Napoleon's Eagles is the classic board game War & Peace for computer. Be Napoleon – or stand against him – in a series of short scenarios that cover the epic battles of the age, or in a multiplayer-only grand campaign that may – or may not – end on the field of Waterloo.
6558 | A Clothing collection ARPG. Create set properties according to your clothing. Hundreds of clothes for the protagonist to enjoy, experience different battle strategies based on different outfits. Dress sexy or suit up like a heavily armoured angel of death.
6559 | The fate of the Smurf Village rests in your dreams: dive into a fantastic journey to save it in this fully immersive and magical 3D platformer!
6560 | A teenage guitar prodigy sets out on a psychedelic journey to inspire his stage persona and confront the legacy of a dead folk legend. Starring voice performances by Michael Johnston, Caroline Kinley, Lena Headey, Jason Schwartzman, Mark Strong, and Carl Weathers.
6561 | BDSM is the first satirical action RPG where you get to play Lou, Satan’s son! Get some booze, kill the traitors, save Hell and rescue the hottest demoness from the clutches of those nasty people and mega-corporations!
6562 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
6563 | Get reincarnated into a fantasy world, take on the role of the protagonist Takumi, and use your magic to get all the girls! Clear various quests to progress the main story of this gorgeous FANTASY VISUAL NOVEL, and capture the attractive heroines' hearts along the way!
6564 | Once a porn a time, is an adventure style visual novel with princesses and other strange creatures that you have to bang.
6565 | clickyland is a tower defense village builder where clicks are your main resource. Use clicks to harvest resources, fight enemies and manage your village, but use them wisely as you only get 20 clicks every day! Can you reach day 100?
6566 | From commanding the battle standing on the bridge of your flagship all the way down to tactical infantry firefights - AFF brings together all the combat you ever wanted in a rich science fiction setting. Boarding, pilotable capital ships, deep weapon customization and full AI support included!
6567 | Tend to the needs of seven alluring Valkyries and defend humanity's last sanctuary in this lewd tower defense game!
6568 | Enter the magical world of Tangledeep, a beautifully polished dungeon crawler inspired by classic 16-bit RPGs! Colorful characters, a unique job system, tons of skills, items, and diverse environments with deep, turn-based roguelike gameplay. A different adventure every time you play!
6569 | RAIDBORN is an addicting fantasy action RPG with base building and procedural dungeons. Loot legendary treasures, upgrade your gear, level up your skills, and hurl yourself into intense combat.
6570 | Empire Deluxe Combined Edition is the latest in the classic Empire Series of games, which has spanned almost five decades. Empire Deluxe is a game about taking cities. Starting with just one, the city enables a commander to produce units. These units in turn can directly attack or support the attack of more cities.
"6571 | Released in 1997 as the original sequel to Myst, one of the best-selling puzzle adventure games of all time. Prepare to enter a world ""torn asunder"" by timeless, unresolved conflicts -- a world of incomparable beauty, intrigue, and betrayal."
6572 | This is a Simulation game. You will manage your cloud city, recruit adventurers all over the world, take them for exploration, obtain resources and blueprints. Construct buildings, make equipment, produce items, so to develop your city into greatness together with your adventurers.
"6573 | After a massive outbreak of a bio-virus, the intelligence agency sent a skilled female agent, ""Rosetta,"" to the easternmost country to investigate the true cause of this catastrophe. Can Rosetta uncover the truth within the mansion haunted by monsters and make her out alive?"
6574 | Emergency Call 112 – The Fire Fighting Simulation is an exciting, fully detailed simulation of the eventful life of a big city fire department. It was developed in cooperation with and modelled on the fire brigade of Mülheim, Germany. Mülheim has one of the largest and most modern fire stations in Europe.
6575 | Call of Clans is an online turn-based strategy card game set in a magical world. Build a versatile deck with minion and skill cards to challenge equally matched opponents in a world of swords and magic. Team up with others to conquer challenging co-op dungeons
6576 | Welcome to Mega-City One, a city of over 400 million people - every one of them a potential criminal. It is the third decade of the 22nd Century, unemployment is widespread, boredom is universal and only the Judges can prevent total anarchy. Empowered to dispense instant justice, they are Judge, Jury and Executioner all in one.
6577 | Post-apocalyptic multiplayer survival game with procedurally generated open world. Complete quests, master your skills, build bases, explore the world, trade, or conquer faction outposts. Endure the harsh conditions of the unforgiving wasteland!
6578 | A turn-based strategy game where your tactical decisions are key to surviving relentless waves of enemy attacks. While battles unfold automatically, your choices before the clash, such as resource management, unit training, and skill selection, are critical to securing victory.
6579 | A quiet game of life and loss. One by one, everyone left the village for the city. Everyone, except Talma. Approaching her final years, she maintains a simple way of life tending to her homestead, surviving, subsisting, whilst increasingly disturbing letters arrive from her family in the city.
6580 | Play your own sudokus in Cracking the Cryptic's beloved puzzle app.
6581 | 🔥 Sexy Iron Maidens is a small visual novel that will brighten up your evening with beautiful dieselpunk girls and shump-shooting. Your crew awaits your orders and ready to catch a grenade for you with their bare chests! 🔥
6582 | Embark on a cozy open-world survival journey inspired by ancient China's heritage. Gather resources, cultivate crops, build your dream home, and defend it from marauders. Team up with friends to explore and uncover a world where adventure meets serenity.
6583 | Higurashi When They Cry is a sound novel. The music, backgrounds and characters work together to create a world that is the stage of a novel for the user to read. They laugh and cry and get angry. The user takes the point of view of the protagonist to experience the story.
6584 | Elleria is an adult visual novel, with focus on story telling and choices. Elleria contains mature content, such as sex scenes, usage of alcohol and violence in fantasy world.
6585 | Gary Grigsby’s War in the West is the most ambitious and detailed computer wargame on the Western Front of World War II ever made.
6586 | Renovate, equip and restore the shine of the food truck that belonged to your father. Create recipes, cook the food and serve customers across an entire city. Customize and upgrade your food truck to reach more customers and expand your menu.
6587 | Experience the extreme simulated sporting sensation that's sweeping our digital nation! Mount Your Friends is a fiercely competitive sporting event for you to play with your friends in the contextual security of your own home, assuming that your home is not composed of sexual innuendo.
6588 | In the game, you must swap two adjacent gems to line up three or more of the same jewel type horizontally or vertically to eliminate them. Keep playing until there are no moves left or you've conquered the board. Bejeweled's gameplay can be fun for both kids and adults.
6589 | Gone Rogue is a tactical stealth game with RPG elements. Get into the role of a thief from the city slums. Lurking in the shadows, sneak unnoticed past enemies, get behind any locked doors, and carry off rich loot.
6590 | A musical platforming adventure with an emotional story. Play as a silly bard and use music to interact with everything on a journey around the world. Along the way you'll explore, solve puzzles, and meet a huge cast of characters!
6591 | Gord is a single-player adventure strategy. To survive, you must build, but to prevail, you must conquer the darkness beyond the gates. In this dark fantasy world, you must complete quests while managing a populace whose personal stories and well-being decide the fate of your tribe.
6592 | A Day Out is a monster-hunting and case-solving co-op third person shooter. Capture monsters and discover a new supernatural world with your friends!
6593 | The Bratz Pack has arrived– show the world your passion for fashion in a globe-trotting adventure to become the best style reporter!
6594 | Amatsuki Mahjong is a ACG style mahjong game that offers real-time multiplayer online matches. It features four styles of mahjong: Japanese, Sichuan, Taiwanese, and Hong Kong Mahjong. Enjoy a variety of play styles tailored to your preferences.
6595 | The cult game that marked MercurySteam's origins returns; a sci-fi adventure with memorable characters, powerful ships and humor! Enjoy intense Multiplayer battles and races with ships you build.
"6596 | ""Night of the Full Moon"" is a stand-alone roguelike card game. Take adventure into Black Forest. Random event, random plot leads to different endings."
6597 | Lightracer Spark is a Sci-Fi Narrative game. You are an amender from a high civilization, descending to various extraterrestrial worlds. Guide living beings to prosperity, or nip a spark in the bud. Accumulate strength through choices and strategies to grasp the rise and fall of all civilizations.
6598 | APE OUT is a wildly intense and colorfully stylized smash ‘em up about primal escape, rhythmic violence, and frenetic jazz.
6599 | Long, long ago, there was an ancient kingdom called Ys which prospered under the auspices of two heavenly Goddesses. Over time, the kingdom came to be known as Esteria, and its divine history was largely forgotten by all but the descendants of those who once preached the Goddesses’ will.
6600 | The second game in the unique Voice of Cards series, where all elements are presented entirely through the medium of cards, in the tradition of tabletop RPGs and gamebooks.
6601 | Plunge into VR on a capsizing research ship, the Triton, where survival means outmaneuvering the water's lethal surge. Freedive through a sinking ship, overcome underwater chaos, and unlock your path to the surface, all while protecting your most precious resource: the breath in your lungs.
6602 | Mow down countless crops and corrupt critters while crafting game-breaking builds! Pesticide Not Required is an action roguelite bullet heaven game with farming sim elements that offers a myriad of stats and special character traits to create wildly diverse run possibilities.
6603 | Ninjin: Clash of Carrots is an anime-inspired beat-em-up with varied enemies and deep customization. Play as the rabbit Ninjin, or Akai, the ninja fox, and fight to retrieve the carrots stolen by Shogun Moe! Redeem carrots for weapons, upgrades and more! Supports 2-player online or local co-op.
6604 | Based on the 2008 computer animated film from Pixar Animation Studios, the video game version of WALL-E involves playing as the lonely robot as he navigates a trash-tainted world and begins an unlikely trek across the cosmos.
6605 | A Building Full of Cats is a hidden object game where you need to pet all the cats in the building. Don't leave any cats behind!
6606 | Neptune, stricken with amnesia, awakes in a mysterious world where 2D reigns supreme. With a little help from her friends, Neptune embark on a journey to regain her memory, save the world, and 3D games as we know it.
6607 | Boba Tea shop simulator. Manage recipe, stock and customer satisfaction.
6608 | Mutant scum never learn! Blaster Master Zero makes its Steam debut! Blaster Master Zero is a 8-bit style top-down & sideview 2D action-adventure game that hearkens back to the golden age of the NES. The game features new gameplay elements such as improved gameplay, and a more robust scenario.
6609 | Take part in wormkinds heroic struggle for freedom from their archnemesis. Upgrade your arsenal, tools and submarine to decimate the fish population to reach the ultimate goal: to boldly go where no worm has gone before.
6610 | A companion app for The Lord of the Rings: Journeys in Middle-earth board game from Fantasy Flight Games, a fully-cooperative board game for one to five players! This companion app dictates the setup of each encounter, tracks your party’s inventory and skills, and resolves combat while you brave the looming forests, quiet clearings, and...
6611 | The OFFICIAL digital adaptation of the best-selling board game. ** ONLINE MULTIPLAYER NOW AVAILABLE !!! **
6612 | SeaBed is a yuri-themed mystery visual novel told through the perspectives of three separate characters: Sachiko, Takako and Narasaki.
6613 | Craft unique strategies and outmanoeuvre your foes in TINY METAL: FULL METAL RUMBLE, a turn-based Japanese wargame! With new tactical options, command over 23 uniquely diverse units - flank, assault, deploy heroes from orbital dropships, and focus the firepower of multiple units to even out otherwise disastrous odds.
6614 | Run your own Konbini in this Cozy and Relaxing Idle Game that stays at the bottom of your screen, accompanied by soothing lofi musics. Sort your selling products on the shelves. Decorate your Konbini, unlock new products and decorations—all while you work or relax.
6615 | MMORPG and strategy gameplay in one. Living realms of Chaos Champions battle in PVE and PVP strategic combat. Persistent army management and constant live events. Collect Warlords, manage resources, and conquer your foes.
6616 | Backroom Company studies 'Noclip,' a supernatural phenomenon creating randomly linked backrooms. Its founders and purpose are unknown. Many explorers hired have disappeared in backrooms. Players trace past expeditions, farming unique items. Goal: deliver them to the main control room's dumbwaiter.
6617 | The offensive of the undead begins. Gather holy power to summon soldiers and strengthen the starlight of Hellendil to defeat the undead. If the undead destroy this place, it will be game over.
6618 | Seduce a sexy mother and daughter, as well as their sexy rival.
6619 | A retro first-person shooter inspired by Blood, Duke Nukem 3D, and Rise of the Triad. REVEREND is a dark, twisted tale with religious undertones, terrifying creature designs and one hell of a personality.
6620 | Pixel Cup Soccer is a retro-style arcade game. Play friendly matches, tournaments or create your team and lead it to glory in career mode! You can play it alone or with up to 8 friends, locally or through Steam remote, you can choose whether to play competitively, cooperatively, or even both!
6621 | The endless darkness and the somber, long passages of a military complex have become the abode of evil, thousands of blood-thirsty creatures fill its offices, storehouses and mysterious laboratories. About 1,000 monsters on each map, showing up to 100 monsters simultaneously on one playing screen.
6622 | Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands is the next chapter in the fan-favorite Sands of Time universe. Visiting his brother's kingdom following his adventure in Azad, the Prince finds the royal palace under siege from a mighty army bent on its destruction.
6623 | Run, jump, shoot, fly and explore your way through a massive action-adventure reminiscent of classic 8- and 16-bit games.
6624 | A turn-based Galaxy totalwar game. Choose one of 12 factions, direct dozens of admirals, control hundreds of warships, mecha and monsters, set up various buildings, study technology, and lead fleets to carry out grand strategic actions on the map of the galaxy.
6625 | In this refreshing and exciting shooting game, lead the brave and fearless girl soldiers to fight with the enemy. Refit different types of machine armour, reasonably deploy machine soldiers with different skills, repel all kinds of enemies, and protect the Empire behind you in the gunfire.
"6626 | ""Vivid Knight"" is a ""party-building roguelike"" game in which you collect friends who have been turned into jewels and fight by combining their abilities! Explore the ever-changing dungeon and harness the gems you have gathered to challenge the labyrinth!"
6627 | As humanity endeavored to better themselves, they created the biological marvel known as Gears. Originally intended as the next step of human evolution, they were instead fitted for war and turned against their own creators.
6628 | Hard-core action with easy controls! The METAL SLUG we all love is back as a tower defense game!
6629 | Detective Wyatt confronts a chilling mystery as he investigates a housemaid's disappearance. Unearth sinister secrets as you navigate through a haunted house, where every shadow hides a lurking terror.
6630 | This Game is one of the most popular RPGs in the Chinese Speaking Area and has won many awards around Asia. The game story takes place in an era of collision between East and West, covering a wide range, spanning Eurasia, the Arab World, Francia, and China.
"6631 | In this world where human farms are publicly established, a delinquent girl is taken in by one of the farms for human discipline... Will the strong-willed and thick-skinned ""Aina"" be able to escape the facility? Or will she gradually be trained into a cow...!?"
6632 | Unveil a Ghostly Legend and Find a Vanished Groom!
6633 | Rebel Duet is a story-driven adult visual novel, where you are summoned as the partner of a beautiful young succubus. Evolve into a powerful spellsword, sexually train your demonic companion, and romance elven beauties. How much of your humanity are you willing to trade for power?
6634 | A new visual novel from the legendary eXtend! Mixing dangerous romance with murder mystery, BUSTAFELLOWS is a steamy noir mystery that will make you shiver but ask for more!
6635 | KALPA, the authentic rhythm game, is finally out on STEAM! The doomed universe needs you to play your life away. Play your life's music with Kalpa to save the dying Yggdrasil and revive the universe!
6636 | Rocket Rats is a survivors-like game where you defeat cheese-based astral bodies in space – as a rat! Clear waves of enemies, collect cheese, upgrade your gear, and conquer the moon!
6637 | Reforge a blacksmith’s village on an isle of the land’s finest artisans! Step into the boots of an expert smith for a crafty adventure filled with mystery and charm. Explore the land of Ellian, and prove that a hammer, anvil, and your wits can overcome any challenge.
6638 | Soccer simulator. Control one player and kick the ball high or low, hard or lightly, curve, dribble and perform tricks. Play online or with bots. Join over a million players who have already played. Buy now and have fun or wishlist for later.
6639 | An Open world Action adventure combining exploration with puzzles and dynamic combat. Go on a journey across a sprawling continent as Kaku, a boy tasked to restore balance to the land. Brave the four elemental regions with the help of Piggy, his powerful companion and conquer their lords.
6640 | Play as the Cat Detective Albert Wilde. Walk, talk, interrogate, joke, solve a mystery, and experience an old film noir setting with humanoid animal characters. A story of quantum theory and parallel universes served with a lot of humour.
6641 | Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight is the fourth installment in the beloved Momodora series of 2D platformers. Unleash ravaging combos against a variety of formidable monsters and deftly dodge your way through a cursed land to seek audience with the Queen and dispel the evil that threatens all life.
6642 | Reveal the true value of the items coming into the shop. Each item has their own history. Dig deep to see what is behind them and become an expert appraiser. Begin a tug of war with customers. With their own expectations and knowledge, they never give up on money.
6643 | Everyone’s favorite laid-back dungeon crawler returns in Soda Dungeon 2. Featuring a new adventure, a whole town to upgrade, crafting, new classes, alternate dimensions, and more! It’s everything you loved about the original plus all the stuff you’ve been asking for.
6644 | Lost in Fantaland is a Roguelite game with deck-building at its core, deeply integrated with board-game strategy mechanics. You will choose one of six unique characters and embark on a randomly generated adventure. Use your creativity to build your deck, and uncover the secrets of this world!
6645 | A dark and surreal puzzle adventure set in a decaying town where veins pulse through ruined structures and the night hums with unfamiliar life.
"6646 | Smash Girls is a 2D action game. One day, you ""Sosuke Kujo"" were kidnapped by the mafia ""Kyokakai"", involved in a battle with other gangs…… Fortunately, as a mafia boss you also enjoys a specialized sex service! Use your fists to dominate girls!"
6647 | A fun sus-like game where you backstab your co-workers and get mad at your co-workers for backstabbing you. (up to 16 players)
6648 | Second Front is a tactical WWII turn-based strategy game. Craft & share your own scenarios and maps or use your strategic prowess in 48 scenarios set in iconic locations. Command over 40 types of infantry and 216 tanks, vehicles and guns. An infinite tactical sandbox experience.
6649 | Explore, Settle, Develop, Trade, Consume, or Produce? Which do you need most? Which of Earth's former colonies will be most successful at settling the galaxy, now that JumpDrive exists? Who will discover the secrets of the mysteriously vanished Alien Overlords? Your goal: to build the most prosperous and powerful space empire!
6650 | Experience the frontier as a chief of a Native American tribe and resist the onset of the settlers. Explore the vast world full of hostile humans and animals while defining your narrative through the decisions you make.
6651 | A collaboration project between ASCII Media Works’ Dengeki Bunko and SEGA, the Sega Hard Girls are made up of various Sega consoles, including the Dreamcast, Sega Saturn, and Mega Drive! These anthropomorphized consoles are girls with an array of personalities and spunk, and this time they are teaming up with Neptune and IF for an...
6652 | ZONE OF THE ENDERS THE 2nd RUNNER - M∀RS Remastered in 4K and full VR. Enter Orbital Frame JEHUTY's cockpit and fly through Martian skies!
6653 | This is a cozy strategy management game where you manage an inn placed cleverly at the mouth of a dungeon. Juggle visits and business from 2 rivaling guilds, maximize profits, but keep your double-dealing a secret! Keep everyone happy and watch your inn thrive!
6654 | Crouch, bind, set! Discover the true rugby experience. Play with best clubs and top nations, enjoy dynamic gameplay that stays faithful to the sport, and experience the intensity of big matches.
6655 | In order to improve the efficiency of selecting talents, the Chicheng police specially developed a test system-the true detection system, with the black robe company. As a tester, you need to complete the cracking of the case under the rules of the system.
6656 | Use Nukes, Electricity, Heat Rays and powerful Minions in this wave-based first person shooter providing endless hours of Ghost-slaying entertainment, solo or Co-Op. Only Ghosts stand in the way of your invasion of Earth.
6657 | Explore the mansion, find a way to fight the vampires, find the key, and escape the mansion.
6658 | Take control of a mining operation run by moose. They mine and sell the gems. You need to decide where to spend the profits. Hire more miners and upgrade their gear. Buy new rails and minecarts to get deeper into the mine. The deeper you get the more valuable gems you will find.
6659 | Winston thought he could use heavy machinery and power from the depths of hell to transform sinful men into magic ponies. Winston was wrong.
"6660 | ""Drive me crazy"" is a game inspired by the urban legend ""Yua Mikami's wedding and retirement event."" You play as her fiancé, qiangzi, in this interactive adventure. During the game, you will be asked one question: ""With Yua Mikami by your side, would you still have a change of heart?"""
6661 | hackmud is a text-based multiplayer hacking simulator for keyboard-compatible personal home computers. Crack protected systems and solve puzzles as you explore the abandoned internet of the future. Write scripts to protect your winnings and trick other players. Lose everything. Get it back.
6662 | Continue your journey to Edo in Hakuoki™: Edo Blossoms, where you play as the heroine Chizuru Yukimura. Romance the famous warriors of the Shinsengumi as you enter a fantasy drama of battles and self-discovery. Your narrative choices unlock multiple branching storylines and 30 different endings!
6663 | Welcome to Cozy Town, where every day is International Cat Day! Be part of a village community where every stray is respected, loved and fed. Explore the charming streets and alleys to discover all the stray cats in this hidden-object game.
6664 | Northern Canada, 1970. A strange blizzard ravages Atamipek Lake. Step into the shoes of a detective to explore the eerie village, investigate surreal events, and battle the elements to survive. Kona is a chilly interactive tale you won't soon forget.
6665 | Built from the ground up for VR, Wanderer has a unique blend of escape room style puzzles, tactile hands on interactions and action arcade sequences to bring you the ultimate time travel adventure. Are you ready to walk in the footsteps of those who have gone before you?
6666 | Cabin Corpse is a story-driven adult horror visual novel. Filled with suspenseful story telling, compelling characters and a dash of mature themes.
6667 | Monstrum takes the traditional survival horror formula and remixes it completely with procedurally generated levels, permadeath, and AI driven predators, ensuring that nowhere on its derelict cargo ship is ever truly safe.
"6668 | Enter a virtual world of cyber-landscapes and unravel the mystery behind its creation! ""Mighty Gunvolt Burst"" is a retro-style 2D side-scrolling action game with an authentic feel. Play as ""Beck,"" ""Gunvolt,"" or ""Ekoro,"" and experience their new stories in this unique parallel universe."
6669 | An innovative adventure mixed with beat 'em up and RPG elements. In a grim world where animals have replaced mankind, what kind of detective will you be?
6670 | A flourishing civilization had sunk into the sea. The night never dawns...... and a sense of apocalypse hangs over the world. You'll land on an island in such a world, and as you explore the town and ruins, you'll come into contact with fragments of the world's mysteries.
6671 | Take part in a thrilling new adventure in the world of Ashan with the Hammers of Fate expansion. Discover uncharted territories and experience new ways of playing Heroes of Might & Magic V. Introducing a brand-new Dwarves faction, made up of heroic warriors and rune magic adepts who stalk the deepest mountains and most hostile regions of...
6672 | Space Pirate Trainer is the official trainer for wannabe space pirates in VR. Pick up your blasters, put on your sneakers, and dance your way into the Space Pirate Trainer hall of fame.
6673 | 4-player co-op, zombie slaying, base building, boss battling mayhem! Cleanse the infected wave by wave and upgrade your base with traps & defenses in Ultimate Zombie Defense 2!
"6674 | [This is the origin of ""Blue Tragedy""]The legendary horror game ""Ao Oni"" is now available on Steam!"
6675 | Slay demons and demigods in this fast-paced roguelite FPS. Create devastating weapon builds as you journey through massive dark fantasy environments on your quest to avenge god. Challenge the demigods, face inevitable death, and rise stronger with every rebirth.
6676 | Disciples: Liberation is a mature, dark fantasy strategy RPG with turn-based combat. Liberate the land of Nevendaar and uncover the endless stories hidden within this richly detailed world where every decision has a consequence, and every wrong move could be deadly.
6677 | Sid Meier's Civilization IV®: Beyond the Sword is the second expansion pack for Civilization IV - the 2005 PC Game of the Year that has become a worldwide hit.
6678 | Desperate times call for desperate measures.
6679 | Late Shift is a high stakes FMV crime thriller. Forced into a brutal London heist, your choices matter in this interactive cinematic experience with adaptable storylines that lead to one of seven conclusions. Your decisions are you.
6680 | This exciting collection brings you 12 games in one, from developer Technos Japan known for creating the legendary River City and Double Dragon series. From arcade classics to region-exclusive titles, you’ll have plenty to explore in this collection! Get your hands on these rare games of legend!
6681 | Hailed as the original FPS-RPG game that spawned countless imitators, Strife: Veteran Edition is a love letter to the classic from 1996.
6682 | In the Kingdom of Lust visual novel, you have to help two brave girls defeat the evil Koshchei the Immortal, who decided to attack the Kingdom and seize power. The game has dragons, minotaurs, werewolves, as well as ordinary inhabitants of the kingdom who want to help the girls achieve their goal!
6683 | Detective Reiji Tokisaka is back to face down a mystery that spans decades, if not centuries. With the aftermath of his last case weighing on his soul and a long-silent cult resurgent, can he solve the crime—or will it become his curse?
6684 | Victor Vran is the isometric action-RPG where your skill is just as essential as your character build and gear. Experience intense combat action: dodge, jump and unleash powerful skills to finish off your enemies!
6685 | Amass an army of undead to fight endless waves of heroes intent to end your boneraising ways! In this gothic auto-battler rogue-lite Survivor-like, use the bones of slain heroes to raise your minions, collect relics and spells, and unlock meta upgrades, all to survive King Gigald's crusade!
6686 | Shady Lewd Kart takes go karting party games and mashes it with a dating sim to give you fast power sliding game play, sexy power-ups and lewd unlocks. The first ever Hentai Kart game!
6687 | This is soccer management like you’ve never experienced it - Be more than just a player, be the head, the heart, and backbone of New Star FC. Be the Manager.
6688 | Nuclear war simulator is a detailed realistic simulation and visualization of large-scale nuclear conflicts with a focus on humanitarian consequences. It lets you design conflict scenarios and estimate the consequences using a population density map and realistic weapons effects.
6689 | Dragged into a web of secrets and lies, Samantha seems to be part of a puzzle impossible to solve. What once seemed obvious soon turns into something far more sinister, and the line between villain and victim begins to blur.
6690 | Continue the fight in the HD remaster of the second entry in everyone's favorite assassin action series! After falling down the ranks of the United Assassins Association, Travis Touchdown whips out his beam katana to reclaim his rightful spot at the top.
6691 | Set a Course for Danger and Discovery!
6692 | A challenging boxing game with an emphasis on player skill that takes time and practice to master. Fight your way to the top through 3 different championships each featuring unique opponents.
6693 | Production line is the new car factory management/simulation/tycoon game that pushes your organisational and entrepreneurship skills to the limit. Can you build the ultimate optimised, free-flowing car production line whilst beating the competition and still turn a profit?
"6694 | The sequel to the best-selling worldwide hit ""Farming Simulator"" has loads of new features! Assume the role of a farmer experiencing the challenge of 18 hour days running a new farm in the middle of beautiful rolling countryside."
6695 | I Am Alive casts the player as a lone survivor in a believable, dark and insecure post-apocalyptic world.
6696 | Exorcists are those who protect people from demons. What will happen to Mari, the exorcist, on her journey to defeat these erotic demons?
6697 | Orb of Creation is an active incremental-puzzle game in which you recreate the world with nothing but magic and ingenuity. Conjure resources, buy upgrades, and become an all-powerful wizard!
6698 | In Pub Toilet Simulator 25, you're trapped in Spetherwoons pub, racing to find a toilet. Navigate endless hallways, tricky stairs, and bizarre tunnels while keeping your beer meter full. Grab pub food for points, but don’t waste time! Every wrong turn brings you closer to disaster. Will you make it?
6699 | In the digital realm of SE.RA.PH, the Holy Grail War is over, but the land’s new ruler faces challenges and threats from all sides. The servants now find themselves drawing up tense and unlikely alliances, preparing for a conflict that may tear SE.RA.PH apart...or destroy it entirely.
6700 | The fourth game of the Coloring Game franchise (coloring by numbers). The game’s fans are going to enjoy the improved functionality and a multitude of new images.
6701 | Step into the microscopic world of Mitos.is! Eat or be eaten—become the ultimate cell in a highly addictive multiplayer game. Diverse modes, daily tournaments, guilds, and gear await! The BEST game of 2015 is back!
6702 | Take to the streets for intense close quarters combat, where a team's survival depends upon securing crucial strongholds and destroying enemy supply in this multiplayer and cooperative Source Engine based experience.
6703 | Greetings. Your Mind Scanner request has been approved. Your duty is to diagnose and treat the citizens of The Structure. The patient list is long so don't waste your time. We’ll let you see your daughter soon...
6704 | A 3D/Pixel-Art Platformer With Classic Elements Where You Will Control an Acrobat Frog. Collect Golden Flies to Unlock New Worlds, Levels and Other Surprises.
6705 | From multi-award winning Revolution comes ‘Beyond a Steel Sky’, a groundbreaking 3D adventure thriller, set in an AI-driven future. Subvert the world, hack the systems and solve dark conspiracies to uncover the devastating truth.
6706 | Dark Light is a post-apocalyptic cyberpunk action-platformer with intense hack'n slash combat. Explore the unknown, enhance your abilities with cyberwares, and face off against supernatural entities to seal the Dark Void and end the eternal darkness.
6707 | Decide a mysterious girl's fate in this stunning visual novel raising sim!
6708 | The ideal introductory course to the Japanese language! Learn how to read and write Japanese characters (Hiragana) at a steady pace. A full-blown RPG specifically designed to keep you engaged. By playing along, you’re going to be introduced to the Japanese language like never before!
6709 | The toughest prison sim in the yard has been locked back up to serve another sentence in 2D!
"6710 | Accidentally, you obtained a legendary sword and traveled to the ""Labyrinth City of Veria-pool"". What awaits you, is not only the wonderful dungeon ""Labyrinthos"", which can obtain unlimited treasure, but also the encounters with beautiful and mysterious heroines."
6711 | Aokana - EXTRA2 is the official Misaki after story for Aokana.
6712 | This is a 3D volleyball game developed by an actual volleyball team member. Whether you have ever played volleyball or not, you can enjoy the fun of this sport here. Support multiplayer online battle! You can call up to 11 friends and form two teams to battle.
6713 | Block shop is an automation puzzle game in which basic blocks are transformed and combined to create increasingly complex blocks.
6714 | Age of Conquest is a turn-based grand strategy wargame.
6715 | Hinata Yuzuzaka is highly respected and admired among her peers. When strange things start to occur at her school and the surrounding town, it will be up to her to get to the bottom of it all.
6716 | An Action RPG driven by fast-paced combat and paired with an intricate puzzle-filled world.
6717 | Team up with friends and run your own storage! Receive, store and ship items to make a profit. Handle everything from boxes to hazardous goods. Design and expand your warehouse, manage costs, power and workers.
6718 | Delve into Dungeons of Aether, a turn-based dungeon crawler set in the Rivals of Aether universe. Control four new heroes as they uncover the mysteries of the Julesvale Caverns in Story Mode or test your mettle in the grueling Challenge Dungeons.
6719 | A slice-of-life sim about the joy of gardening, designed to be picked up and played in short and sweet bites. Whether you’re fishing, growing, trading, or making new vegetable friends, a wonderful and wistful adventure awaits when wandering The Garden Path.
6720 | Home Sweet Home is a first-person horror adventure game based on Thai myths and beliefs. The core gameplay focuses on storytelling and stealth to avoid perilous spirits hunting you. Moreover, few puzzles are added into the game, making gameplay more various.
6721 | Battlestations: Midway is an immense action game that drops players into massive air, sea, and undersea battles from Pearl Harbor to the Battle of Midway.
6722 | Become a cat! Cattails is a unique animal simulation RPG. Hunt for food, fight invading cats, explore to gather herbs, and socialize with other cats in an expansive open world. Get married and raise a family of kittens, befriend your neighbors, and learn to live in the dangerous wilderness!
6723 | New ground and in-air physics, new rider models and new animations will create a more immersive experience and enable you to enjoy the Supercross world at its best!
6724 | Send the housing market through the roof as you build, buy, and sell houses in the new strategy game, Build-a-lot! You can flip houses for quick cash or sit back and watch the rental income pile up. Become a real estate mogul as you visit scenic towns, earn huge profits and perform special favors for the colorful local mayors.
6725 | Skye and her Handy Pals are looking for a new pal to help them out on her lovely lil' garden! Think you're up for the job, partner?
6726 | Explore the wonderful world of books through deceptively simple cryptograms. 10% of every purchase benefits Project Gutenberg, an online library of over 60,000 free ebooks.
6727 | A Legionary's Life lets you play as a Roman soldier during the years of the Second Punic War and beyond. Rise up through the ranks and win prestigious awards or just focus on making it home in one piece; it's up to you.
6728 | Tile Town is a chill strategy game set on a hexagonal grid. Plop down various building tiles to get the highest score possible, all while creating a colorful medieval town in the process. Unlock new levels or go for a stroll in the first person mode.
6729 | There is nothing Joe wouldn't do for his wife. But as they try to save their marriage with a romantic getaway, things go from bad to worse, and from worse... to insanity...
6730 | Vagante is an action-packed platformer that features permanent death and procedurally generated levels. Play cooperatively with friends both locally and online, or adventure solo in this challenging roguelike-inspired game.
6731 | In the action-adventure platformer, Akimbot, blast your way through armies of robots, pilot spaceships and forge your own path to save the universe from impending doom! Set in a sci-fi world where only robots exist, travel the galaxy and experience non-stop robot mayhem and explosive action!
6732 | Fofiño and Lily are always in pursue of fun, particularly boxes! Help them to move the boxes around in this puzzle adventure! ฅ^•ﻌ•^ฅ
6733 | First appearing in arcades in 1981, the masterpiece GALAGA finally comes to Steam! Move the fighter left and right and destroy the waves of incoming aliens!
6734 | Infernax is the adventures of a great knight who returns to his homeland only to find it plagued with unholy magic. Uncover the mysteries of the curse and face the consequences of your actions.
6735 | Grow your farm, meet the villagers, and join your friends online in building your world.
6736 | ARCANE RUSH: Epic Card Battles. Clash, strategize, dominate!
6737 | A small town is being taken over by ghouls. Solve puzzles, carefully read notes and use various weapons against horrific and evolving enemies to uncover what is behind this gruesome event. Eternal Evil is an old-school survival-horror game.
6738 | Inspired by legendary classic wargames , Combat Directive brings the strategic depth and ideological brilliance of these classics to life, reimagining the monumental battles of the Napoleonic Wars. It's crafted for the true enthusiasts of historical warfare.
6739 | A bickering and bantering rivals-to-lovers visual novel where you fall in love after first hack.
6740 | Lunistice is a 3D Platformer created with simple & fun gameplay and a cute PS1/SEGA Saturn inspired artstyle in mind. Take the role of Hana the Tanuki and jump and fight through her dreams!
6741 | Explore the enchanting world of Albia and discover the amazing virtual lifeforms called Norns. The Norns in Creatures display real feelings from hunger and pain to frustration and fear. They'll breed, evolve and wage a fierce struggle for survival right on your computer screen!
6742 | Owlboy is a story-driven platform adventure game, where you can fly and explore a brand new world in the clouds! Pick up your friends, and bring them with you as you explore the open skies, in one of the most detailed adventures of this era.
6743 | Ride your music in more ways than ever before. Audiosurf 2 is the music game for your entire music collection. Hundreds of mods/skins on Workshop. Free demo available.
6744 | Card Summoner is a single-player CCG! Travel the land, collect cards, and build decks as you rise through the ranks to compete in the Summoners Tournament. Dive into the Void for monster battles, fight them directly and capture them as unique cards!
6745 | Take control of a nimble janitor to rid the world of dust and debris.
6746 | Sodaman is a bullet-heaven roguelike where you play as a supersoldier fighting alien hordes with soda powers. Find game-breaking sodas and concoct custom cocktails. Discover planets, unlock weapons, sodas, cybernetics, power-up cards, and more. But first, crack open a cold one.
6747 | Reika, the Time Gal, is warping onto Steam from 1985! Encounter dinosaurs, cavemen, giant robots, aliens, maniacally laughing villains, and more in this time-travelling, interactive-anime adventure!
6748 | Arkos 2 is a first-person fantasy shooter with destructible voxel environment inspired by the classic retro shooters from 90-s
6749 | The gravid game, Hazumi and the Pregnation, makes its Steam debut! Prostitution, pregnancy, and birth. Let's increase the world's population!
6750 | Neon lights, palm trees, synthwave, chrome robot women, speeding 80s supercars... Welcome to Retrowave World!
6751 | Dark Deception: Monsters & Mortals is a multiplayer horror party game with multiple modes where players take on the role of monsters or mortals from Dark Deception's universe (and other universes) and fight for soul shards in nightmarish mazes!
6752 | It’s been a generation since you vanquished the evil that plagued the Land of Ehb, and now…a new menace has awakened. In Dungeon Siege II, the sequel to the best-selling RPG from Gas Powered Games, you will be called on to again wield sword and spell to save the world from a growing abomination many years in the making.
6753 | KNIGHTS and MERCHANTS recreates the era of the Middle Ages. Apart from the purely fictitious geography of our world, all game elements and scenes are based on the Anglo-Saxon period, 1200 A.D. And we haven't used imaginary elements like fabled creatures, either. The player takes on the role of an ordinary captain in the Palace Guard.
6754 | Platonic is a first-person puzzle adventure game. Explore five unique worlds. Solve logical challenges. Gather clues and think outside the cube.
6755 | You have captured a sexy pair of elven maidens. Train them to be your faithful, cum-guzzling slaves. Will you be a cruel or kind master? The choice is yours. Visual Novel with point-and-click and management elements.
6756 | Fly a star-fighter against a bloodthirsty armada. Gather weapons, resources, and upgrades to help you push back the relentless assault while protecting the galaxies' civilians!
6757 | Experience the challenges of running a successful shipping company with Seaorama: World of Shipping.
"6758 | ""The boy made up his mind to face a cruel world."" The new special edition of the psychological horror-adventure game ""Angels of Death"", which has also been made into an anime. The past of B4 floor master Eddie is revealed..."
6759 | River Tails: Stronger Together is a 3D co-op adventure platformer designed around an asymmetrical co-op system. Teammates must work together to defeat end-of-level bosses and solve puzzles across a range of natural-world environments. All you need is communication, coordination and complete trust!
6760 | Commander, customize and build your Mechanical Assault Skeleton Suit (M.A.S.S.) and lead the fight against an alien invasion bent on exterminating the human race. The fate of humanity is in your hands.
"6761 | There was a time when pilots were TRUE pilots. It was the 60's. The time of Rock'n'Roll, movie stars and iconic cars. Drive furiously fast on gorgeous landscapes and fight against your monstrous car. A pure Time Attack game where you're driving cars from the ""Gentlemen Drivers"" era."
6762 | Adult Lovecraftian horror-strategy. Stealthily transform your university into horny, blonde bimbos! Dynamically change genitalia and breast sizes, IQ, mind control your peers via eldritch powers or eldritch parasites, erase your competition, and avoid a mysterious rival faction!
6763 | Having searched Eastern and Western Europe for a missing heir, Kate Walker finally completed her long and arduous journey, obtaining the signature of Hans Voralberg and closing the automaton factory buyout.
6764 | It is five years after Kyle's victory over the seven dark Jedi. Invading Imperial forces advance upon a quiet Rebel outpost, interrupting Kyle's training of a brave new Jedi, Mara Jade. First introduced in Timothy Zahn's award-winning Star Wars novel, Heir to the Empire, Mara Jade blends her past experiences as a one time smuggler and...
6765 | Greetings, valued employee. You have been tasked with sorting the Ringo CorpoNation's genetic samples. With the credits that you earn, you can shop, game and pay your bills on time. Rogue workers may try to entice you into betraying your beloved employer, but we know you'll give 110%.
6766 | ONE MAN AGAINST AN EMPIRE
6767 | Immerse yourself in the bizarre art style and the surreal world of Cat Museum, a 2D side-scrolling puzzle-adventure game. Solve the strange puzzles with your mischievous cat, and unveil the truth behind the mysterious museum.
6768 | You will play as a Trainee Death, harvesting Souls to pay off your debt. Random choice events offer you various options: Lie in bed and slack off since the debt is endless anyway, Or follow your senior to earn some extra Souls, collecting outfits to switch up your style.
6769 | Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2 takes the bulls-eye precision of its predecessor to new and exciting heights!
6770 | Enter Ravenwood Park and discover the secrets hidden in the mists…
6771 | Lethal League is a competitive projectile fighting game where you have to hit an anti-gravity ball into the face of your opponent to win. The ball speeds up with every strike, up to explosively extreme velocities. Play intense local matches with friends and foes, challenge yourself in the singleplayer mode or battle it out online.
6772 | An old-school, tough-as nails classic linear 3D platformer with a faithful PS1 cartoony aesthetic. 25 fully original levels, boss fights, collectibles, time-trials, and many secrets.
6773 | Submarine’s haunted! Hunt and be hunted in this horror dungeon crawler inspired by the decay of the Soviet Union (and immersive RPGs from the 90s).
6774 | Wield magical dice and build a team of powerful Chimeras to stop a mysterious evil in this tactical roguelite adventure. As a Chimera Summoner, recruit and create your perfect team of mythical beasts and command them to victory using unique dice mechanics.
6775 | CounterAttack: Uprising is a side scrolling space shooter (shmup). Team up or fight solo, 1 - 4 player local or up to 8 players online coop, unlock upgrades, use powerful ultimate abilities, enhance your ship the way you want, and save the Earth from annihilation.
6776 | Be the Universe in this epic, award-winning reality simulation game - featuring thousands of playable characters, endless exploration, an extraordinary soundtrack and narration from Alan Watts.
6777 | Frantic, multiplayer action involving Nazis and dinosaurs! What are you waiting for? This is World War II as it should have been!
6778 | Racing across an over 60 km long ultra-technical track at breakneck speed requiring realistic riding skills... that is the challenge that awaits in TT2! Lots of new features lie ahead: open world, reworked physics, classic motorbikes, and more…
6779 | Escape to an enchanting, living sandbox surrounded by wildlife and nature. Scavenge materials and craft tools to turn your small cabin into a warm, well-supplied home. Survive by fishing, cooking and growing your own food. Be careful though, the forest is as dangerous as it is wonderful.
6780 | Faster and funnier!
6781 | Build and manage your own Food Park! Customize food stalls, hire staff, and cater to hungry customers as you find the perfect recipes. Decorate your park to attract and satisfy more customers.
"6782 | Put the VR headset on and enter a world where you are the most popular guy around! Dreams do come true! The legendary arcade-shooting game ""Gal*Gun"" is here in VR!"
6783 | Set off on an exciting adventure and immerse yourself in the world of Asterix! Alone or in co-op, explore the lands of the Roman empire and unravel the mystery of the Crystal Menhir and its incredible powers!
6784 | Build your own theme hospital! Here, you might meet patients with a lot of hair, or no hair; strange aliens, evil guy, super hero…
6785 | Saurian is a survival-simulation experience about living the life of a dinosaur. Starting from the egg, you must survive to adulthood amidst the perilous Hell Creek ecosystem of 66 million years ago, meticulously reconstructed with the help of professional paleontologists.
6786 | Make burgers, shakes and more in this exciting food-making game that has been enjoyed by millions of fans everywhere.
6787 | Prison Boss VR is a crafting and trading game turning your VR space into a jail cell! Craft cigarettes, alcohol and cookies for other inmates! Customize your cell as your reputation grows! Earn cash until you can’t store it anymore and become the Prison Boss!
6788 | You awake in Mythica, a cozy island where magical stones change day to night. Explore winding paths or venture into the wilds with your trusty glider and sailboat. To return home, you must befriend quirky townsfolk, discover hidden treasures, master magic, and face enemies in clever puzzle combat.
6789 | Hunt down monsters to cook and eat them! You’ve been revived in a massive underground complex and you must leave this bizarre facility. Aided by the undead Necro-Chef Simmer, you must stay safe, get fed, find a way to get out
6790 | Stars in the Trash brings the magic of animated movie classics into a narrative-driven platformer that combines action, exploration and puzzles. Tired of feeling trapped at home, Moka, a spoiled cat decides to run away and seek adventure. Explore, make friends, fight, and escape from the kennelman.
6791 | You are a cunning FBI agent. Four beautiful girls are robbing banks. Infiltrate their gang and let yourself be carried away by your feelings towards them. Love? Hate? Passion? Lust? Find the evidence to frame them and send them to jail, or, fall in love with them!
6792 | Tranquil Isle is a lo-fi strategic townbuilder. Create cozy little settlements on the sun-kissed shores of your very own island paradise.
6793 | Take control of Invisible's agents in the field and infiltrate the world's most dangerous corporations. Stealth, precision, and teamwork are essential in high-stakes, high-profit missions, where every move may cost an agent their life.
6794 | The End Is Nigh is a sprawling adventure platformer where you die a lot, but thats ok because you are probably already dead anyway.
6795 | The Kidnap | 誘拐事件 is a Japanese horror game about a kidnapping incident.
6796 | Hexcells Plus is an ambient logic puzzle game for PC, Mac and Linux.
"6797 | Alas, it was the ""promised place,"" where Shiori was never meant to go. Finally, a remake of The Forest of Drizzling Rain, that masterpiece of an exploration horror game with multiple endings from the creator of the big hit Angels of Death!"
6798 | Spin a new tale of the Jura Tempest Federation together with all your favorite characters from the animated series!
6799 | Play as Sophie, a private investigator not unlike Sherlock Holmes. It's up to Sophie to uncover the hidden truths of London through her investigations. What mysteries and intrigue await her? Find out in this steampunk RPG!
6800 | Hop into Orbo's shoes! Run, jump and drill around your boss's office, make some new friends, and uncover terrifying secrets about the company you work for in this comedically surreal 3D platformer!
6801 | Forge your path as owner of a humble farm to leader of a majestic Kingdom, crafting and developing your realm in this tranquil and enchanting card-based city-builder adventure
"6802 | Experience a part-time job at a convenience store, make money to buy more food for your cat. ""Diz iz an honor te work fur meh~ Feed meh! Hooman! Bring meh home!"""
6803 | Occult is a dynamic cooperative game with elements of horror and quest. You are waiting for a variety of opponents, puzzles and endings!
6804 | Headbangers is a light-hearted, Rhythm Battle Royale Game where you and 29 other Pigeons compete against each other, all to complete your quest of claiming the title of Master Headbanger!
6805 | Beaver Lyolik ate too many mushrooms and became a KURWA! Only the chosen ones can survive these 5 nights!
6806 | Welcome to the Glass Masquerade sequel - an artistic puzzle game inspired by stained glass artisans and Wonderland depictions of the 20th century. You need to combine hidden glass pieces to solve every riddle and free yourself from a tangled dream.
6807 | Explore a vast open world and crawl through dungeons in first person, then fight tactical turn-based battles from a top-down perspective. Guide your adventuring party through Archaelund, mankind's last frontier, and uncover its many secrets.
6808 | Eat weapons, be scared and question your own mind in this Survival-Horror FPS Prop Hunt Roguelike about meat. Walls are watching you!
6809 | Reclaiming the Lost is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel where you follow a man who discovers his old flame gave up their child for adoption. Determined to make amends, he searches for his lost child. Along the way, he meets a mysterious girl, and together they uncover the truth.
6810 | This is a relaxing farm RPG game where you can earn money by collecting and raising livestock! Interact with adorable villagers to increase your popularity in the village through chatting and giving gifts. Please enjoy a cozy farm life in this small village!
6811 | In the dazzling world of high fashion, where every click is a temptation, capture not just beauty, but desire itself.
6812 | Welcome to the Industrial Revolution! Lead your fast-growing business enterprise, build and develop new industries, multiply your income and don’t get distracted by your rivals. Show everyone you are the real deal!
6813 | A 2d action-packed roguelite about a monkey hero protecting the jungle from the rise of a corruptive power. Explore ever-changing dungeons, fight weird enemies and gear up with lots of weapons and relics you can combine for a new experience every run. Explore, fight, die, and repeat!
6814 | Song of The Prairie is a 3D relaxing farm game. A hero who defeat the demon begins a new rural life. Experiencing the fun of exploration to the town. Harvesting giant fruits and crops. Taking care fantastic animals. Dating with someone you like. Just enjoy the farming life only belongs to you!
6815 | A deckbuilding adventure card game set in a rustic Norwegian town during the 90's. Recruit followers, draft cards and build powerful combos. Explore a hand-crafted world across multiple runs and uncover an unsettling mystery…
6816 | Touhou Makuka Sai ~ Fantastic Danmaku Festival part II is a danmaku shooting game, which is the second part of Touhou Makuka Sai. The repeat of incident is coming again. Can the girls going to the netherworld solve the mystery?
6817 | Kyle tries to prepare for his most important interview yet. Choose his path through over 100 endings and accept the consequences in this comedic adventure.
6818 | Have you ever wanted to be a snail? Now you can be! Explore the vast Snearth with snail friends! Join monthly Snail Parties! MMOS (Massive Multiplayer Online Snails)! BECOME a snail (in a simulation)!
6819 | Indivisible is a hand drawn action RPG platformer from Lab Zero, creators of the critically acclaimed Skullgirls! Set in a huge fantasy world, Indivisible tells the story of Ajna, a fearless girl with a rebellious streak who sets out on a quest to save everything she knows from being destroyed.
6820 | See how long you can survive in a world full of brainless zombies and heartless humans! Find your place among hundreds of other characters spread across several warring factions, and battle to reclaim every corner of a sprawling city in real-time.
6821 | Run your own steamy studio ... and hire a cast of adorable anime girls! Turn your villa into a haven for voyeurs, hosting captivating shows with your team of charming exhibitionists in this casual manager game.
6822 | Due to a freak accident at the Fireworks Factory, Putt-Putt® is blasted to the moon!
6823 | A deliciously interactive VR journey awaits! Jump, climb, duck, and swing through vibrant worlds on a quest to help cute characters gather luscious ingredients and create mouthwatering dishes—hands-on!
6824 | As a powerful Lynx, you will make your way through vast open landscapes. In the harsh tundra, you will raise and strengthen your cubs by mastering your skills for hunting prey. Do everything you can to prepare your little ones for the vicious entities dwelling in the wilderness.
6825 | Choose between seven hero classes, each with unique capabilities. Brave hordes of deadly creatures alone, or band together with your noblest of champions in co-op mode available both online and locally. Take on the challenges in three different campaigns, or build your own custom scenario.
6826 | Passioners is a steamy visual novel set aboard a colonization spacecraft. Awakened from cryosleep too soon, the protagonist faces isolation but decides to awaken others, sparking forbidden desires and intense encounters.
6827 | Gather resources, craft components, build vehicles, and code their logic in a physics-driven engineering sandbox and full scale space sim.
6828 | In Sins of a Solar Empire: Trinity, you are the leader of a civilization embroiled in a galactic war, fighting for the survival of your entire race against relentless foes.
6829 | A new sensation!? City-building × Roguelike game *Super Tax City*. Choose and place your favorite facilities from randomly drawn options! The combinations are endless! Create a profitable city that's uniquely yours!
6830 | Play the history. Go behind the scenes of Jordan Mechner's landmark game Karateka in this interactive documentary from Digital Eclipse, with archival materials, video features, and more. Experience pixel-perfect versions of this legendary game, with all-new features.
6831 | Explosions. Tanks. Bosses. And more explosions. Crazy fun with your friends. Hundreds of maps. Boom.
6832 | Find 100 cats hiding in Bali in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game
6833 | Kaamos is a bite-sized turn-based puzzle roguelike where battles are fought by matching tiles on a grid with looping rows and columns. Build your character and deck of tiles by looting equipment from your foes. Traverse a dark medieval world where the Sun went down and never rose again.
6834 | ‘We. The Refugees: Ticket to Europe’ is a socially engaged, text-based RPG about a journalist looking for his big break by uncovering the plights of refugees travelling from Africa to Europe. It is a story inspired by true events.
6835 | Voyage into the wide world of Eral as an explorer, trader, or privateer. Defeat your enemies on land or at sea in deep but straightforward tactical combat. Unravel the secrets behind Dominio's betrayal – or sail off in search of your own adventure.
6836 | Soar through the skies in this immersive flight simulator featuring Paragliding, Hang Gliding, and Ultralights. Built with real glider pilots in mind, Glider Sim delivers unmatched realism—playable in or out of VR.
6837 | TowerClimb is a difficult and rewarding procedurally generated platformer with roguelike elements. Enormous and mysterious towers of ancient unknown origin stand above humanity, extending to the heavens. Struggle forward as a weak human, driven by an iron will to reach the top.
6838 | A legendary series returns with a grand new adventure! Enjoy a colorful action-adventure game made alongside Ryuichi Nishizawa, creator of the original Wonder Boy in Monster World series.
6839 | You've been entrusted with the care of a crew of girls whose sins have damned their souls to Hell and an eternity of punishment... Their only hope of salvation is for you to recognize their unique histories, and to guide them along the path to redemption.
6840 | Are you ready for the FATE-IEST of the FATE games? Welcome to the final chapter in the classic, action RPG series! FATE: The Cursed King has new weapons, spells, armor and AI-controlled allies! Wait, what?! Allies?? That’s right. This FATE game IS A PARTY. Woo! Party system!
6841 | Set on Mars in an alternate Cold-War era, Super Motherload is a 1 to 4-player couch co-op digging adventure with storyline by Image Comics' Kurtis Wiebe, a fully voiced cast of Soviet and American characters, and a procedurally-generated world that changes each time you play.
6842 | A NSFW tale of magic and love between man and monster with art by the famous bara artist Jouvru! Allen is trapped in a mansion with five magical beasts. Will he escape or claim his legacy as a wizard? Magic is real, the pull is strong, and he can't turn away from these gorgeous monsters.
6843 | Simson Tuningwerkstatt 3D
"6844 | This is a game containing ""beautiful girl + rhythm game + multi ending GALGAME"". In 2320, a huge monster appeared on the earth.Only magic energy can do harm to the monster.However,there is no more magic energy left on earth. So,you need to gain the energy from magical girls and save your world."
6845 | Isle of Arrows is a Puzzle Tower Defense game in which you build a fortress in the sky. Place towers, expand the isle, and build your own paths. Can you find the perfect spot for each tile to beat the RNG and defend against waves of invaders?
6846 | ELEX is a handcrafted action role-playing experience from the award-winning creators of the Gothic series, set in a brand new post-apocalyptic Science Fantasy universe that puts players into a huge seamless game world full of original characters, mutated creatures, deep moral choices and powerful action.
6847 | Inspired by the golden age of 3D Platformers, Kao The Kangaroo returns in a whole new adventure! Embark on an epic journey, master magical gloves, explore lush environments and take Kao through his most grand tale yet!
6848 | Berlin 1933. “Adolf Hitler is chancellor!” We all know the consequences this message bore. Unspeakable horrors and suffering would sweep across the world. Few would stand and fight the monstrosity that was the German Reich. Will you? Lead an underground resistance group Through the Darkest of Times.
6849 | Dino Trauma introduces you to a secret laboratory somewhere in eastern Europe where gore and dinosaurs aren't unusual things. Retro FPS inspired by the '90s legends.
6850 | 2064: Read Only Memories is a cyberpunk thriller that explores the social challenges of tomorrow through classic adventure gaming. A journalist-turned-detective teams up with Turing, the world’s first sapient machine, to unmask a conspiracy that will shake the foundations of Neo-San Francisco.
6851 | Ascension: Deckbuilding Game is now available for your PC and Mac, complete with 9 full expansion decks! Play alone or with friends to battle against the Fallen One for honor and victory. Conceived and designed by Justin Gary, Ascension will provide hours of engaging and strategic game play for enthusiasts and experienced gamers alike.
6852 | A mutant soap opera where small-town gossip meets the supernatural. Explore the Mutazione community as Kai as she cares for her ailing grandfather. Discover magical gardens, new friends & old secrets. They can survive an apocalyptic meteor strike, but can they survive their small-town drama?
"6853 | The ultra-refined 2D side-scrolling action you remember from ""Azure Striker Gunvolt"" is recharged and better than ever! In Gunvolt 2, series anti-hero Copen joins the fray as a playable character! Copy abilities from defeated boss characters and use them as your own!"
6854 | Step into the nightlife world - welcome to SEX CLUB Simulator 🔞🍓, where you take on the role of a nightclub manager in a world of glamour, secrets, and hot adult encounters. Manage your club, meet fascinating characters and click your way through to create unforgettable nights.
6855 | We fused deck-building roguelikes and tower defenses in a way never seen before - deploy your towers, collect valuable trinkets and cast powerful spells to defend yourself against the Salkoth!
"6856 | ""Falling sand"" style particle sandbox, now with circuits and stickmen!"
6857 | Choose your tag team and rip through massive hordes of enemies with exciting aerial and ground-based combos. Look out, though - take too many hits and your clothes and defense will end up shredded!
6858 | The length of your bus grows as you pick up more people! Snake through the city streets and avoid crashing into yourself.
6859 | VR Giants is a local coop VR game in which one VR player and one gamepad player work together. The VR player controls a giant and must protect and support the tiny player who is controlled by the screen player. The tiny player can use the body of the giant as an extension of the level.
6860 | Super Hexagon is a minimal action game by Terry Cavanagh, with music by Chipzel.
6861 | Experience piloting and customizing massive armored units called Wanzers while engaging in high-intensity battles driven by a compelling story. The battle begins now!
6862 | The gameplay is simple and easy to understand but full of challenges, and you need to connect three or more identical elements together by scratching the pattern to eliminate them! Complete the specified goals within a limited number of steps to unlock new levels.
6863 | Colin’s apartment maze has puzzles, dialogues, and some dry humor waiting for you. A surreal adventure of a special kind.
6864 | Welcome to the absurd world of Hitler Waifu! In this satirical video game, you take on the unconventional character of Eva, Adolf Hitler's wife.
6865 | RC Quadcopter Racing Simulator - Fly (and crash!) all you want regardless of the weather, all for the price of a few replacement props.
6866 | Romance 12 handsome warriors and the samurai of the Shinsengumi, uncover their dark secrets, and conquer your demons in this historical fantasy visual novel! Your narrative choices unlock multiple branching storylines and 30 different endings!
6867 | Bringing roguelike mechanics to classic word games. Use relics to create powerful combos, play boons to craft your tiles and board, use your powers to defeat a host of tricky opponents.
6868 | Once again vile lizards descended upon the lands of Hyperborea, and their plans are as wicked and perverse as ever! It's time to take a swig of the fortifying waters of Baikal and repel these reptile temptresses! We'll push them against the wall and show them the true might of our heroic spears!
6869 | Maiden & Spell is a magical girl battle game, set in a cutesy fantasy world. Select from one of eight young ladies to battle 1 on 1 with a friend, or fight your way through a series of bosses and learn the secrets of The Kingdom of Stars.
6870 | We've made a calculator roguelike! Yes, it's not a joke. A boring device has turned into an interesting strategy, where each calculator you collect sets its own style of play. Can you count all the numbers and prove who's the king of calculations here?
6871 | In a realm corrupted by the evil magic of three brothers known as the Serpent Riders, you are a heretic. As one of the last Sidhe elves, and a capable mage, you embark on a quest for vengeance against those who slaughtered your friends, family, and entire race.
"6872 | ""My mother, my daughter, and me—three sixteen-year-olds on an extraordinary adventure.""After traveling through time to meet their sixteen-year-old counterparts, three generations of women set off on an adventure through the Land of the Gods. What could await them at the end of their journey?"
6873 | Awaken as a soul from the Underworld. Discover who you are and explore an ever-changing open world full of mystery. Battle beasts and gods, or forge alliances with them. Die and be reborn in this adventure.
6874 | Play as the stepbrother who is helping his stepmom and stepsister while his dad is gone on a business trip. Your stepsister wants more obviously... Make sure to not get caught and not disturb your stepmom! It could mean the end of your dad's marriage!
6875 | STAKES. GUNS. SLOW-MO. Fight werewolves and vampires in a reality-shifting motel. Dive through barricades to escape the grasp of evil puppets. Destroy the villain you loved. A new, third-person love letter to classic shooters. Neo-noir never looked so good.
6876 | Barista Simulator, master the art of brewing with over 30 coffee recipes. Start with a basic setup, upgrade your café, manage your staff, and build your very own coffee haven. Are you ready for the ultimate coffee journey?
6877 | Call of Juarez is an epic adventure western themed FPS game. The player alternately assumes the roles of two distinct, antagonistic characters: a sneaking fugitive Billy and his hunter the reverend Ray.
6878 | J.J. scours Memoria Island to find her best friend, who has gone missing during a camping trip. In order to save her best friend, she puts her own body and life on the line, reviving infinitely, as she presses forward. Why did she go missing? What is going on in this world?
6879 | A workplace love game, players also need to balance their own attributes through work and rest, do a good job of time management, earn enough money, and then understand the needs of each woman, to its good, give gifts, in the best way to increase the goodwill of women
6880 | Run your own candy and toys store. Place online orders for supplies, receive them via delivery truck, stock shelves, hire employees, set prices, take payments, expand, and design your store. Many things are waiting for you.
6881 | Get ready to paddle through some of the world's wildest, and most challenging rapids in breathtaking VR. With stunning graphics, realistic physics, and heart-pumping action, you'll race against the clock as you navigate through wild waters filled with obstacles and surprises.
6882 | Can you get a date before the end of the world? Doomsday Paradise is a goofy, multiplayer dating sim about finding love before the apocalypse. With over 130 different endings and 12 different singles to woo- no two games will ever be the same.
6883 | You must survive a monster infested zoo while searching for key shards that unlock the truth to its origin. Collect all the key shards by solving puzzles throughout the grounds and put a stop to the monster mayhem.
6884 | The Beast Inside is a unique, gripping twist on thriller and survival horror. Immerse in the story of long-buried secrets, personal tragedies, and madness. Play as two protagonists bounded by dark heritage. Combat the enemies, solve riddles and experience real terror in the 3D-scanned environment.
6885 | Pizza Frenzy is a wacky action puzzler that puts you in charge of your own pizza delivery empire! Reflexes and quick thinking are required to juggle all the orders. This fast-paced game will keep your mouse clicking with rewarding action and pattern matching.
6886 | Face unspeakable horrors. Succumb to madness. Welcome to a free daemonic narrative experience inspired by H. P. Lovecraft.
6887 | Hubris is a VR action-adventure game set in a unique and colourful Sci-Fi universe, with immersive movement options, including swimming, climbing, and jumping. Players will have to gather resources, craft food and upgrade their weapons to fight off alien wildlife, droids, and humanoid enemies.
6888 | Build and manage the ultimate Japanese hot springs inn.
6889 | Create the Starship of your dreams, explore the vast expanse of the galaxy, land on planets and jump into epic space battles. Experience a truly unique and powerful building engine where your imagination is the limit. Welcome to the next evolution in Space Sandbox gaming!
6890 | The latest title in the RIDGE RACER franchise, RIDGE RACER Unbounded gears up to carve its own destructive path with a new breed of arcade racing.
6891 | Ancestors Legacy is a squad-based real time strategy with a strong focus on tactics. Inspired by medieval European history, it brings to life four different nations and their conflicts, usually solved by war.
6892 | The shining light in the droll darkness of your 9-to-5 grind is your busty, bootylicious boss! Show her that you can be more than the #1 employee on the streets by out performing her husband in the sheets!
6893 | Kallax is a chaotic furniture-building 2 to 6 players co-op game in which only one player can read the instruction manual at a time. Experience what should have been a one person's job and lose friendships forever.
6894 | Machinika: Atlas is an indie puzzle game and is the direct sequel to Machinika: Museum, you play as a museum researcher who just land on Atlas. Will you unravel the mysteries of the alien vessel? Solve cryptic puzzles to find out what happened!
6895 | Uplink lets you play as a freelance hacker tackling risky contracts for corporations. Break into systems, steal data, sabotage rivals, and upgrade your gear. Support factions or go rogue in this immersive, strategy-driven hacking simulation game where your choices shape the outcome.
6896 | Super Sonico is a cheerful, hardworking college student and amateur musician who's about to make her modeling debut. As her personal photographer, you will be responsible for Sonico's image, balancing the needs of your clients with your own vision for Sonico's future.
6897 | Thrilling arcade racing game, inspired by the super-fun-straight-to-the-point classic racing games from the 90s.
6898 | JOIN THE REVOLUTION! Lured to Mars by the Ultor Corporation's promise of a better life, thousands have come to seek their fortune and work for the massive mining company. But all is not as it seems. A deadly plague is sweeping through the barracks, and miners suffer daily abuse at the hands of the Ultor guards.
6899 | Blast through robotic hordes in this arena auto-battler rogue-lite Brotato-like. Use auto-firing weapons and drones, timely dashes and special abilities to reach the Void where a final Conservator awaits convergence. Spend your Cogs wisely within the varied shops to create unique builds!
6900 | Dive into a unique blend of turn-based tactics and character-centric RPGs. Lead the skilled Roman tribune Gaius Julius Mento as he navigates through the dark fantasy realm of Avalon.
6901 | Take on the role of a recruit (and stress-relief) joining the famous monster girl private military company: Manticore International!
6902 | Find and discover 100 cute cats hidden across Italy in this hand-drawn hidden object game. Can you find them all?
6903 | I became the mayor after my father passed away. I summoned the guardian beast to strengthen the people’s desires. Unexpectedly, the one I summoned was just a Silver-Haired Girl named Liz! She came along with the prophecies of curses and city destruction. What is the curse? Will Noah City head toward its destruction?
6904 | My steed rides, a celestial iron cavalryman soaring through the heavens. The swirling assault shooting that shakes the battlefield returns once more.
6905 | Card game mechanics - check. Real time battles - check. Silly humor - check. If this isn't the game of your dreams i don't know what is (Also we have hidden memes everywhere lol)
6906 | Escape from the looping office. Observe the office carefully and look for any anomaly to reach the main entrance.
6907 | Forge your own story and explore the world of Athens in Athenian Rhapsody, a souls-like platonic dating simulator with cooking-mama and WarioWare style battle mechanics... and by that I mean it's a choose-your-own-adventure action RPG with the ability to trade ENTIRE PLAYTHROUGHS between friends!!
6908 | Sink player-made battleships, aircraft carriers and submarines in this physics-based game. Use pre-built ships and sink the enemy by deploying aircraft, torpedoes, depth charges or shells. Or built your own ships in the extensive ship-editor.
"6909 | ""Heroes Wanted"" immerses you in a world of endless deck-building possibilities. Over a hundred of heroes and items, combined with elements, unleash powerful synergies. SIMPLE, FUN, and ADDICTIVE! Heroes await your call to deliver the ultimate blow to the Demon Lord."
6910 | Find 100 cats hiding in the cozy autumnal town of Maple Hollow in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game.
"6911 | ""Return to that summer with you..."" Ryusei returns to the small island of his younger years, where time flows by gently, to spend a fairy-tale summer vacation with his childhood friend who was spirited away."
6912 | Comedic puzzle-adventure with strong RPG influences. Take away costumes from the foxes, create the most mad combinations of clothes, explore the world, find secrets and save the princess from the clutches of the cunning king!
6913 | Explore Arctico with your dog sled, kayak, and parachute! Build and customize your base camp, gather resources and samples, set up labs, and take good care of your dogs in this peaceful island.
6914 | In Road Maintenance Simulator 2, you take on a variety of authentic tasks that occur every day in a road maintenance depot - now including winter service! Choose from a wide selection of tools, attachments and vehicles to master the challenges ahead.
6915 | Hyperbolica is a whimsical Non-Euclidean adventure with mind-bending worlds full of games, puzzles, mazes, and secrets! Immerse yourself in reality-warping geometries where lines can never be parallel, horizons are curved, and space grows exponentially.
6916 | Ten of Capcom's most popular arcade games in one bumper collection! A wide variety of titles are included from series such as Street Fighter and Darkstalkers, Cyberbots, and the first home console port of Red Earth! And of course, all titles support online play!
6917 | NIKTOPHOBIA - sci-fi horror for 1-4 players. The team arrives at the space station to extract alien bio-samples. Players will use various tools and manipulate the station's energy to get out of trouble together.
6918 | The New Fatal Error DLC includes a new 5-mission Operation and touch-screen controls.
6919 | There's no reason to be afraid of the dark. Fed up with his fear of the dark, Sam transforms himself into Pajama Sam - world's youngest superhero and resolves to confront Darkness! With help from King the mine car, Otto the boat, and a host of fascinating characters.
6920 | How would you like to live of life of freedom in the Elnea Kingdom? Find solace in the company of unique residents, exploring, battling, collecting, farming, romancing, marrying, raising children, etc. Kick back, relax and enjoy yourself inside the life simulation game, WorldNeverland-Elnea Kingdom.
6921 | Dandelion -Wishes brought to you- is a female-oriented game developed by Cheritz. The game was released in South Korea in August, 2012. The English translation for Dandelion was released on Nov, 2012. Dandelion is known as a unique dating simulation with a sensational storyline and charming characters.
6922 | The game is a pet breeding game. Players need to do things, use the space provided by the agency to cultivate the alien guard house.
6923 | Find 100 cats hiding in China in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game
6924 | Train Valley World is an engrossing transport tycoon inspired by the genre classics. Build and manage efficient railroads across the globe, create sophisticated logistics chains, design your own levels, and become a business mogul – solo or in multiplayer!
"6925 | ""Escape First"" is a multiplayer escape room puzzle game for virtual reality or desktop PC! It includes 3 different escape rooms to choose from and can be played competitively, co-op or solo."
6926 | Subterranauts is a 1-6 player multiplayer horror game with proximity voice chat and terrifying creatures. Your job is to complete assignments by gathering scrap for the Association of Scrap Allocation. Work together with your team to complete assignments, earn company Bucks, and survive!
6927 | Discover the 19th and 20th centuries with countryballs!
6928 | The ultimate thief is back! Tread softly as you make your way through 15 new complex, non-linear levels full of loot to steal and guards to outsmart. Improved enemy AI, new gadgets and a riveting story will draw you into the world of Thief™ II: The Metal Age, a place of powerful new technologies, fanatical religions and corruption.
6929 | You ARE Octogeddon, a massive mutant octopus with one mission: DESTROY the world! Grow more tentacles and evolve each of them into deadlier and deadlier weapons until you become the ultimate eight-legged killing machine!
6930 | Legend of Keepers is the perfect mix between Dungeon Defender and Roguelite. You have been hired as a dungeon manager by the Dungeons Company. Your job is simple: protect their dungeons!
6931 | McPixel 3 is a mind-blowing save-the-day adventure that sees the titular wanna-be hero avert one disaster after another at every turn using unconventional yet entertaining methods of mayhem.
6932 | Didnapper 2 is a story-focused JRPG adventure featuring lots, lots of DiD (damsel in distress) scenes! Play as the magically-gifted hero Seles and try to avoid capture or escape your bonds, as she tries to uncover the secrets of the world with a party of misfits.
6933 | A game about starting a relationship while working part-time at a convenience store
6934 | Experience the thrill of the hunt! Prowl the waters as the captain of a German submarine in a never-before-seen theatre of operations  the Indian Ocean. Take part in the war against British supply lines off the coast of North Africa and support the Japanese war against the U.S. Navy.
6935 | Take on the role of a one-man renovation team tasked with restoring various sports facilities to their former glory. Many of them have been destroyed as a result of time or lack of care. Don't let them go into complete oblivion - roll up your sleeves and breathe new life into them!
6936 | Quick, Dr. Fred's Kidnapped Sandy and he's about to start the experiment...
6937 | Demon is a first-person psychological horror game. How much can a game affect your real life? Enjoy a realistic home environment and terrifying moments of being immersed in a real-life story.
6938 | Calradia is a land at war, offering great riches and even greater dangers to adventurers and mercenaries that flock to shed their blood on its soil. With courage and a strong sword, an unknown stranger can make a name as a warrior. Free-form sand-box gameplay.
6939 | So who is haunting the schoolhouse, taking the toys and practically scaring the scales off all the guppies?
"6940 | Immerse yourself in the first-person perspective, cross time and space, solve bizarre cases, save innocent victims, and catch a mysterious killer! You will solve murders, uphold justice, and also gain love. Are you ready? Play the ""Game of Fate"" that crosses time and space, life and death!"
6941 | Saddle up for a bike-riding, frisbee-throwing, goose-petting, friendship-building, treasure-hunting, story-driven adventure for 1 or 2 players!
6942 | Jack Move is a JRPG that features a unique blend of gritty cyberpunk story telling, turn based battles and beautiful modern pixel art. Take on the role of Noa, a vigilante hacker who is thrust into a world of murder, kidnapping and dark research after her father goes missing.
6943 | Dominate undead politics through cunning and violence! Will a missing Prince give you the opening to betray your sire and seize power?
6944 | Harness the power of a mystical boomerang to fling yourself through the air in this acrobatic arena shooter. Slice, fly, and blast through swarms of evil creatures on an abandoned island with a cryptic past. Stay agile or meet your doom.
6945 | Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the psychedelic city — Neko City#96572! All good things you want will happen here! Just dance with the charming neko, solve their match puzzles, and you will get mysterious rewards!
6946 | Learn and master the japanese phonetic alphabets at your own pace with this meditative language learning tool.
6947 | Share this fantastic room with Zoey, the hottest girl around! She's sexy, she's horny, and she's your roommate for the next few days. Zoey really loves to meet new people and have fun! Specially the sexual fun!
6948 | The year is 2192AD. 40 years ago, the Stellar-class All-purpose Administrative Computer ALLTYNEX suddenly attempted to enact genocide upon mankind. Commandeering armies of unmanned weapons, ALLTYNEX enacted a massacre so terrible that within only 72 hours of the start of the incident, approximately 85% of the world's population had...
6949 | This is a plot game that uses mouse clicks to interact and level puzzles. The game has beautiful graphics and interesting plot. Use your wisdom to help your neighbors!
"6950 | ""Blood of Steel"" is a fair competitive multiplayer online game. You will ride into a battlefield where thousands clash, employing unique four-directional slashing maneuvers and strategic formations to defeat your opponents, experiencing the charm of warfare in the age of cold weapons!"
6951 | You're a member of the U.S. Army's best kept secret: the elite SPECIAL OPERATIONS unit known as Delta Force, formed to BATTLE TERRORISM throughout the world. When the best of the rest can't handle the op, YOU are called into action. Can you handle THE JOB? Features FREE NovaWorld™: online gaming supporting up to 50 players.
6952 | All the games in the classic Decision series bundled together. From the zombie-ravaged streets of the original Decision to the brutal medieval battlegrounds of Decision Medieval, this collection delivers the raw, blood-soaked combat, base building, and survival gameplay that hooked Flash game fans.
6953 | Aim to conquer Aincrad with Kirito and Asuna
6954 | Marco, an orphan with missing memories, and Arco, a dragon who rules the galaxy, were hunting for treasure in space! On one of their adventures, Marco was given a clue to the whereabouts of her mother. Their next stop, her birthplace - Earth!
6955 | Deep below the hive cities of Necromunda, lead, customize and grow your gang in the twisted tunnels of the dystopian Underhive. Face rival gangs in tactical gunfights for power, wealth, survival, and honor.
6956 | The Survival of Sarah Rose is an epic-fantasy erotic visual novel, following the life of the eldest daughter of the royal Rose family. When tragedy strikes, Sarah finds her once safe and stable life thrown into chaos.
6957 | Strap in and get ready to experience the thrill of high-speed racing, as you navigate through dynamic terrains, including rugged mountains, dense forests, and treacherous deserts.
6958 | What will you experience in this game? 1. Breed your pathogen girl 2. Main character body will change throughout the game 3. Pregnant enemy girl and your allies sister 4. More than 16 Characters with variate standing image 5. Animated events 6. Pathogen crossbreed love scenes
6959 | Penumbra: Overture is a first person survival horror game, emphasizing on survival and problem solving instead of mindless violence and gore.
6960 | Featuring a beautiful, detailed open-world and a haunting soundtrack, Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture is non-linear storytelling at its best.
6961 | Monica has married her childhood sweetheart and is now settling in the city with her new family. But it's going to take one million gold to buy her citizenship! Work odd jobs and fight monsters to make enough gold before time runs out!
6962 | A new and unconventional mix of Auto-Battler + Rhythm tapping challenges.🎵 Claim your mechanical fighter fame in this Atompunk / Electro Swing themed boxing game! Outfit your boxer with a variety of parts, abilities, belts and crew upgrades earned through single matches or career mode.
6963 | A simulation game where you create a wonderful sweets shop with Doraemon
6964 | The hottest bird lawyering game to come out of 1840s France! Join Jayjay Falcon and his witty apprentice, Sparrowson, as the two take on clients, interview witnesses, collect evidence, and deliver justice to the guilty.
6965 | Join Nikolaï Orelov in his search for redemption as you journey through an iconic, propaganda art style Russia in 2.5D gameplay. • Survive the aftermath of October Revolution & travel accross Russia. • Experience the thrill of being a stealthy Assassin in an exclusive modern setting.
6966 | Master time to become the ultimate weapon! Dr. Aiden Krone has made a Time Jump across the space-time continuum - a reckless act with frightening consequences. Now, a disturbing alternate reality has evolved within the bleak and rain-soaked Alpha District.
6967 | A shadow of evil has fallen on the kingdom of Ancaria. It is a time for champions - a time to journey into the perilous world of SACRED. Battle blood-thirsty orcs & lumbering ogres... Destroy undead wizards & rotting mummies... Slay hellish demons & legendary dragons.
6968 | The RetroRealms Arcade connects select RetroRealms games with other titles in the series that you own (games and DLC sold separately) to unlock new access and abilities and create the ultimate mash-up of horror legends!
"6969 | This is a ""special"" development adventure game performed by real people. Players play the role of ""codenames"" in the end times. It is up to the players to decide whether they can finally get the beauty or continue to fall into depravity through their own choices."
6970 | A fictional universe sandbox/exploration game. 🪐☄️✨ Shape your own solar system by terraforming planets. Find new species and make beautiful ecosystems . . . or breed destruction with volcanos, lightning storms and wildfires!
6971 | Skibidi Gyatrooms is a 1-4 player co-op horror game. You and the homies just fell into the Backrooms, you must out-GYAT the Skibidi Toilet with max rizz or get flushed. Expect cursed levels, and brainrot that’ll keep you on edge.
6972 | Create, automate and defend an impenetrable base. Assemble and command a Bot army to combat an entire Piratebot invasion. Build, program and battle your way through five different zones.
6973 | Quinn is back on a new whirlwind adventure, joined by Flo® and Joe Wright, wedding photographer. Help Quinn become the world's top wedding planner in this hilarious sequel to the hit game Wedding Dash®. Visit beautiful, exotic locations while managing new guests, fulfilling bride and groom requests, and tackling comedic disasters.
6974 | Welcome to Slime 3K, an unhinged roguelite bullet-heaven set in the Despot’s Game universe! Build a deck of crazy weapons, grow stronger and devour hordes of pink puny humans as a murderous jelly blob on a warpath of death, violence and pretzels.
6975 | Banner of the Maid is a mix of turn-based strategy and JRPG. Set in an alternate French Revolution with fantasy elements. As the young officer Pauline Bonaparte you will have to lead your troops to battle and play a role in the political vortex of Paris.
"6976 | Ghost Marriage Matchmaking is a game centered around ghost marriages and building your relationship with the two ethereal heroines: Dai'er and Yuan. As a matchmaker, your job is to get Dai'er and Yuan ""ghost married""."
6977 | The ruthless Gidans invite you to an explosive space scramble! Head into the mighty Super Fighter and disintegrate your foes in all directions with various upgradeable weapons. Toaplan's no-frills vertical shooter Truxton speeds onto PC with new features and quality-of-life updates!
6978 | A point-and-click adventure game filled with irreverent comedy and titillating sexual content! One spaceship, one loveable repair guy, tons of sexy women- you know where this is going.
6979 | A great catastrophe has come, and you, who are on duty, crash and trapped in a Zed Zone. There are zombies and monsters everywhere, In order to escape, by collecting materials, upgrading skills, building shelters, defeating zombie waves and mysterious mechs, chasing a glimmer of hope.
6980 | Originally released in 1998 on PC, and awarded as the Adventure Game of the Year, The timeless horror point-and-click, Sanitarium, is returning to frighten the bravest adventure game fans.
6981 | She was sealed for a thousand years… but now she’s living with you! Fulfill your contract with her by completing her lessons and feeding her “energy” in this cute ‘n steamy romantic comedy game!
6982 | Gather your heroes and journey beyond the dungeons of Castle Hammerwatch to explore a pixelated world like never before. Aid King Roland’s resistance while helping villagers along the way. Battle beasts, finish off hordes of the undead, and face the forces of evil.
6983 | The world's craziest chicken is heading back to the racetrack! Wacky characters, cool tracks and karts, and zany items await in a worldwide online battle for first place!
6984 | Collect cards, upgrade cards, defeat monsters, join guilds and hire heroes. Raise your DPS!
6985 | ChAIR’s fresh twist on classic side-scrolling design with modern gameplay is amplified in Shadow Complex Remastered. 10+ hrs of exploration and fast-paced combat from award-winning original game, updated with graphical enhancements, dynamic melee take-downs, and new Master Challenges.
6986 | Animal husbandry, crops, sales… It's up to you to manage and grow your own farm in a huge, totally new world!
6987 | School labyrinth is a 1~4 co-op horror game set in a randomly generated school at night. Cooperate with your friends and try to escape from the school building!
6988 | Bridge Constructor Playground offers people of all ages an introduction to the topic of “bridge building”. This game gives you the freedom to let your creative side run riot – nothing is impossible. Across 30 innovative levels you have to build bridges over deep valleys, canals or rivers.
6989 | Folk Hero is an action-slasher with rogue-lite elements set in the world of Slavic fantasy. Explore the ever-changing island, find treasures, combine weapons and artifacts to defeat mythical enemies. Challenge your skills! One life, one try.
6990 | A videographer receives the task of filming a wake in an old Soviet apartment. But he soon realizes that something terrible is lurking within these walls. And in the middle of the room there is a closed coffin...
"6991 | In this adult visual novel you are ""The Mind"". As a powerful supervillain, you will have to plan your moves against the sexy superheroines you have chosen to fight. You will be able to subdue them, humiliate them, but also fall in love with them and start a relationship."
6992 | SAVE is a coop survival horror game. The player plays as a PMC operative contracted by Miskatonic University, and embarks on a nightmarish mission to uncover the hidden secrets of the 6,000-ton vessel, “SENARA”.
6993 | A unique life simulation where you are a lumberjack building up a business and founding a lasting dynasty for generations to come.
6994 | Simpler Times is an experiential, interactive meditation that rewards patience and attention with poignant moments that can be replayed like a favorite song.
6995 | The Star Named EOS is a story-rich puzzle adventure built around photography. Recreate compositions of past photos to uncover the truth of a family mystery. Experience a harmonious mixture of beautiful hand-drawn art and engaging puzzles on a journey of reminiscence.
6996 | You, who lack talent, always have strange dreams. Until one day, all kinds of beautiful women from dreams entered your life one by one. You will experience an unprecedented legendary journey from a first person perspective.
"6997 | ""Pile Up!"" is a strategic building game which you need to build houses, fulfill your people’s requests and manage your risky buildings in different ways on a small land. But don’t let your guard down in this chill environment, we only get you relaxed so you destroy everything you did."
6998 | Play a 4x game in 40 minutes... or less! We streamlined 4x strategy down to a game that captures the fun in a manageable play time. Lead your faction against escalating enemies and expand the reach of your empire. Multiple paths to victory allows for a variety of strategies. Build your empire.
6999 | A frank visual novel for adults, where you will find yourself in the role of a young woman who finds special pleasure in sex with old men.
7000 | A survival city-building game with flying cities. Build, automate, and defend a flying city that travels between procedurally generated maps to survive in a wacky, nightmare-infested, post-apocalyptic world full of strange science and dreams.
7001 | The rogue-like dungeon crawler where you're a billiard ball! Push monster balls into holes or traps in randomly generated levels. Stack up countless game-changing items to create broken builds. Find combos to create your own synergies and customize your playstyle. Rack and Slay!
7002 | Travel back in time to change fate itself, in this beautifully crafted story-driven adventure, inspired by classic 90s action-platformers. Join timekeeper Lunais on her quest for revenge against the empire that killed her family, using time-bending powers to explore a vast, connected world.
7003 | HELLSEED is a first-person horror adventure that combines puzzles, action, and a chilling narrative. In a dark world full of supernatural threats, you’ll need to solve complex puzzles and manage your sanity. This isn’t just a fight for survival—it's a journey into the depths of terror.
7004 | In a world filled with yōkai, a surging dark power has overshadowed a Japanese town. A group of 2 developers have produced a Japanese pixel adventure game to tell a tale that dates back to the Heisei era...In the name of dreams and passion.
7005 | An NTRPG from a male POV. Use tools like heart monitoring and surveillance to shield your girlfriend, Kana, from her scheming boss. With 5 endings and choices shaping interactions, can you keep her safe? Amidst exorcism, intrigue, and personal choices, protect your bond and confront inner desires.
"7006 | ""Trapped in a cocoon, the silkworm weaves her final dream."" Hollow Cocoon is a first-person horror adventure game set in 1980s Japan. Immerse yourself in meticulously recreated environments as you venture into the depths of unspeakable horrors that await you."
7007 | Judith has been having issues sleeping, so her solution was to see her doctor. The doctor prescribed her some new sleeping pills that have some Adverse Effects. You play the recipient of these feelings; what will you do when her normal affections turn into something more?
7008 | Originally released by LucasArts in 1995, Full Throttle is a classic graphic adventure game from industry legend Tim Schafer, telling the story of Ben Throttle; butt-kicking leader of biker gang the Polecats, who gets caught up in a tale of Motorcycles, Mayhem and Murder.
7009 | An intense, hardcore action side-scroller. Maneuver as a ninja killerbot through dynamic wastelands with 26+ specialized weapons. Dodge, dash, and dominate. A homage to Metroidvania and Roguelike: customize atomic evolution, breach intricate alert levels to decrypt the Oblivion Code...
7010 | Life between myths. Lead your clan into legend or obscurity. Plan ahead as you read this challenging storybook strategy game, immersing you in the land of old gods and magic also seen in King of Dragon Pass.
7011 | Weep for the dead! In this short psychological horror story, play as a professional mourner travelling between funerals. Ride a nightmarish bus whose destination depends on how you choose to face your traumas.
7012 | In FOR THE QUEEN, you are a queen's skeleton knight, suffering from a memory loss. You have to annihilate the villages of humans and elves according to your queen's will and regain your body and memory in this roguelike auto battler.
"7013 | ""Charming Hearts"" is a real-life interactive dating game. Players will meet, get to know, and fall in love with different types of beauty. Every choice will lead to a completely different chemical reaction with ""her""; every entanglement, the sweet love is entangled and pulled."
7014 | Recruiting: Bio Girl (female robot) recycling worker! From now on, kill Bio-Girl girl every day!
7015 | Welcome to the Blood Party! Play together with up to 3 people and compete in deadly game shows. Customize your zombie, build your own levels, share them via Steam Workshop and die a lot.
7016 | Ghost Janitors is a multiplayer psychological horror game for 1-4 players. Your job? Cleaning haunted houses while avoiding terrifying monsters. Ready to face the spine-tingling challenge with your team?
7017 | Restore the former glory of Border Town in an open-world sandbox RPG set in a fantastical realm. Explore the world, craft tools and weapons, cultivate fields, and socialise with your neighbours while dealing with dark forces that threaten to destroy everything you have built.
7018 | Breakout 13 is a thrilling narrative game with interactive cinematic experience. Based on true stories. Embark on a revealing journey as you attempt to break free from a negligent correctional institute and carve out your own path to justice. Each decision you make shapes the story.
7019 | 🎮 Dive into an immersive idle RPG adventure! Level up, gather resources, craft powerful gear & Tools. Explore vast lands, conquer foes, and master your skills. Enjoy the nostalgic pixel graphics in the world of Bloobs!
7020 | A group of friends unknowingly perform an occult ritual that traps them in an otherworldly elementary school. Here, the vengeful spirits of young children threaten their lives and their sanity, and the only hope of survival is to uncover the chilling details behind the murders of those trapped before them...
7021 | College Bowl is a beautifully pixelated on-field simulation of American Football! Challenge college rivals on your way to winning a National title! Take on various game modes, including a deep Dynasty mode with in-depth recruiting, scouting, stat tracking, ranking, bowl games, yearly goals and more!
7022 | X3: Reunion continues the epic space saga, blending deep space trading and intense real-time combat. Explore a vast universe, establish your empire, and shape the new frontier. With enhanced graphics and intricate economies, it's a journey of strategy, simulation, and interstellar intrigue.
7023 | PARASiTE FLOWER is a beautiful yet disturbing side scroller game where you slowly uncover the story of Ari.
7024 | Blast through rocks with your machine gun drill. Collect rare gems, ores and ancient artefacts, upgrade your ship and unlock new abilities. Uncover the mysteries of the deep and the dangers that lurk below.
7025 | Experience your music collection as never before with this intense music driven arcade shooter. Each of your songs will have its own unique ebb and flow based on the music.
7026 | The anime Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba makes its virtual board game debut! Enjoy events and minigames with up to four players!
7027 | A brutal godlike village sim that melds the god game, management, and tower defense genres! Fight off hoards of monsters at night, and expand your village in the day time. Inspired by games like Black and White, Rimworld, and Dwarf Fortress but not quite like any of them.
7028 | A thrilling psychological horror game. Your job is to look for anomalies in a haunted house. If you see anyhting suspicious (furniture moving, extra objects, intruders), take a photo and send a report. Includes both VR- (windows only) and non-VR (windows, mac, linux)-versions.
7029 | Control a new team of heroes battling evil villains across dynamic environments. Play out epic comic book battles come to life in this exciting adaptation of the hit card game.
7030 | A lewd Visual-Novel about Futas on an open island
7031 | Branching dialogue! Hard choices! A cemetery's worth of phantoms, wraiths, and poltergeists lookin' for love in all the blight places.
7032 | SPACEPLAN is an experimental piece of interaction based partly on a total misunderstanding of Stephen Hawking’s A Brief History of Time.
7033 | Inspired by the Warhammer Fantasy world, Blood Bowl is an ultra-violent combination of strategy and sports games. The Legendary Edition features 20 playable races, including 11 that are totally new, each offering its own game style! Make a competitive team, train it and buy the best equipment.
7034 | A unique platformer where an evil AI predicts your movement. Dodge AI-spawned traps, solve optional puzzles and uncover the dark secrets of the simulation. Now with a level editor and infinite community-made content!
7035 | As Indiana Jones, you’ll travel to 1935 China to prevent a powerful artifact from falling into evil hands. This globe-spanning adventure pits you against evil Nazis and the Asian underworld. It’ll take more than just a trusty whip and pistol to avoid the perils of the Emperor’s Tomb.
"7036 | Computer Tycoon is a fairly complex Business Grand Strategy game about Computer Evolution. Start in the 70s, invent until 2034, create the best computer systems, upgrade your infrastructure, lead a team, and alter computer history! It is time to ""Think Different"""
7037 | An alien world sometimes needs a farmer’s touch to bring it to life. In this sci-fi, colonization-life sim, terraform a barren world: turn wastelands into verdant landscapes while exploring, farming, building, and unlocking all the mysteries of this strange new planet.
7038 | You're the bouncer of the Green Door club, where every decision matters. Reject the unworthy of partying with clever retorts, explore a neon-lit city, and immerse yourself in the Berlin-like city's underground techno scene. The beat is pumping—are you in?
7039 | Wield an ever-growing herd of quirky creatures to rebuild broken paths, battle perilous beasts, and solve peculiar puzzles in a rich, interconnected world. Join two young runaways as they unravel the mysteries of a lost realm in this nostalgic storybook fantasy!
7040 | Understand is an experimental puzzle game about guessing rules. In each level, you have to figure out the rules through trial and error, then draw a line satisfying all rules.
7041 | The U.S. Army is the most powerful ground force in the entire world. The backbone of a ground invasion is the U.S. Army Infantry, and in the midst of combat, their skills, courage, and teamwork are put to the test. While readiness continues to be the U.S. Army's top priority, how it goes about its business is changing.
7042 | Slip into the Standard Issue Biosuit as Myo Hyori, a gifted Korean teenage girl who must face the perils of the future. Survive many hazards, explore a seemingly endless metropolis and beyond as the world around you implodes and history marches towards its inevitable conclusion.
7043 | Drive vintage diesel trains, shifting gears manually and trying to reach a perfect score. Create new routes, trains and timetables. Share your creations and download new content from the Workshop.
7044 | Rule the world or die trying!Being a Princess is not an easy job. Being a Queen is even harder. Especially when you're only fourteen years old, and the reason you've inherited the throne is that your royal mother has just met an untimely end.Now power is up for grabs.
7045 | In Tokyo’s popular ”Electric Town” district, Akihabara, vampires called “Synthisters” walk among us. You must identify and dispose of them the only way you know how – by engaging them in hand-to-hand combat in order to strip them of their clothes so their bodies melt away in the sunlight.
7046 | Explore the truly frightening subway cars and find out what fears the main character will have to face.
7047 | Set in a post-apocalyptic future, The Signal State puts your logic skills to the test with complex puzzles inspired by modular synthesizers. Repair machines, rebuild an abandoned farm, and be part of a revolution that will change the fate of agriculture once and for all.
7048 | A branching-path narrative horror RPG set in Vienna, Austria. Guide the Unnamed through the worst night of their life: Harass your neighbours. Debate with birds. Smoke to survive.
7049 | This widely revered NEOGEO masterpiece is finally available on STEAM! Not only a perfect port of the original game, the STEAM version of THE LAST BLADE 2 will allow players from across the globe to fight against each other online / locally in epic battles in online Multiplayer Mode.
7050 | A cooking puzzle game about arranging beautiful bento lunches! Solve 120+ recipes, play with food, think inside the box and enjoy a heartwarming story in this culinary brain-teaser!
7051 | Full moon. Cold night. Dark shadow. Warm gun. The Beast of Glenkildove has stalked Ireland for centuries. Now, you must hunt it. A text-based interactive novel set in the World of Darkness.
"7052 | The game “Locked Up"" is the first project developed in 2020 by the studio EMIKA_GAMES consisting of one person."
7053 | At long last a completely new sequel to Prison Princess, the mystery-solving adventure game where you guide princesses to escape the clutches of the Demon King!
7054 | I became acquainted with a girl called Snow on a sugar daddy site. I asked to meet her out of boredom, but she turned out to be a cute college girl who asked me to bring her home! What was more, the first day I brought her home, she asked to have sex with me without a condom?! What was the story behind this Snow...?
7055 | This package celebrates the elements of the AD&D video games that you know and love - vast dungeons and beautiful locations to explore, a wide variety of monsters to slay, quests to complete, adventurers to assemble and worlds to be saved.
7056 | A new six-degree-of-freedom shooter with intuitive controls, amazing lighting and graphics. From the creators of Descent, Overload is the best zero-gravity robot-blasting combat ever.
7057 | Awakening in a mysterious mansion, her first, frantic thoughts are: 'Where am I? And more importantly, WHO am I?'
7058 | A quirky mix of roguelite and city builder. Build a lively little city above, by looting mystical caves with a team of gnomes below! Use multiple runs to unlock upgrades and abilities to help your gnomes venture deeper into the dangerous underground.
7059 | Be the Zombie. Kick A** and Take Brains.
7060 | Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is the sequel to the critically-acclaimed Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light, and the first-ever four-player co-op experience with Lara Croft.
7061 | Slice of Sea is a peaceful adventure and puzzle game. You play as Seaweed, a sea creature clearly out of their element. Explore desolate world of dust, all hand-drawn on paper in unique art style. Collect items, solve puzzles and lead Seaweed back home to the sea.
7062 | A semi-open world, monster tamer RPG, set in a digital, futuristic environment, with fast-paced combat, a card minigame and focus on exploration.
7063 | Mechs V Kaijus is an addictive hardcore tower defense gameplay. In Mechs V Kaijus you take on the role of Commander of a powerful Mechs squadron. Improve your Mech, strategically place towers and factories on the battlefield. Deploy support units on the battlefield, and save our civilization.
7064 | GuGu Pizza’s motto is to deliver anywhere! So couldn't refuse the pineapple pizza order that came from the space station. Eventually, the pigeon deliveryman begins a high-altitude jump to deliver pizza to space, passing through the city, forest, and sky...
7065 | Pirates VR Jolly Roger is a game alluding to old stories of the all-time most famous Pirates. The journey into the pirate world begins on a deserted island. Despite its extraordinary charm, the land hides a number of secrets and mysteries to be solved as well as obstacles and traps.
7066 | Evoland Legendary Edition brings you two great and unique RPGs, with their graphic style and gameplay changing as you progress through the game!
"7067 | An adventure game based on the Russian folktale ""Vasilisa the Beautiful"". A scary story about the journey to the mistress of the forbidden forest for magical powers."
7068 | Burnhouse Lane tells a story of Angie Weather, a one foot in the grave agency nurse attempting to complete five impossible tasks in order to win her life back. Solve puzzles, make friends and enemies, run, hide and fight in this dark adventure that'll take you on a trip to another world and back...
7069 | Gym Manager is a simulation game where you can build, expand and manage your own gym. To attract more customers, invest in new equipment and sabotage your competition. But beware: the town's shady streets provide opportunities for illegal business ventures.
7070 | In Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure, Maxwell unites with Batman™, Superman™ and the rest of The Justice League™ to restore order to the DC Comics Universe. Challenge your imagination as you battle the mightiest villains in an exciting, action-filled adventure through GOTHAM CITY™, METROPOLIS™, ATLANTIS™ and other iconic...
7071 | Hello everyone! My name is Jane, and I need your help! I travel around the world and create a blog about local restaurants and cuisine. I’ve seen how big corporations squeeze out talented local cooks and their restaurants! Let’s take matters into our own hands and give them back their zest for life!
7072 | Japan's adored Doraemon meets Story of Seasons in this new, fresh take on farming, now on Steam! The setting is Natura, and the theme is creating bonds. While doing so, enjoy the heartwarming interactions through each character in the story!
7073 | A highschool gang leader Ringo Ishikawa trying to live through his last autumn before graduation. With his best friends.
7074 | One of the most innovative Real-Time Strategy Games comes back totally renewed and improved to the smallest detail, with epic large scale battles, new civilizations, unit customization system never seen before in a game, 8K support, and much more.
7075 | Batora: Lost Haven® is a choice-driven isometric action adventure with RPG elements and a unique duality system affecting combat, story, dialogues, puzzles, and endings, that will make you question the meaning of sacrifice.
7076 | You've barely managed to escape your exploding spaceship. Now in an old escape pod, you hurtle through space at the mercy of the cosmos. With no knowledge of the pod’s complex systems, your life depends on a technical manual and your own wits. How long can you survive?
7077 | As a new Merchant in the bustling city of Rosewall you'll manage your own shop, craft artisan goods, hire Companions, and even unravel a mystery of the city! Immerse yourself in a fantasy world where conflict is a thing of the past in this visual novel meets shopkeeper simulator.
7078 | Dragon is Dead is a hack-and-slash, roguelite action platformer. It offers tons of customization fun with different character skill trees and legendary equipment. Overcome repeated deaths to defeat Guernian, the leader of the Dark Dragons.
7079 | A smooth roguelite shooter from the creators of RACE THE SUN, featuring a voiced cast of feline pilots in a dramatic showdown against corporate-powered robots called The Swarm. Features a 3-act campaign with branching paths, epic bosses, and a wide arsenal of pilots, ships, and weapons.
7080 | WarPlan is an incredibly accurate World War II simulation engine. It is a balance of realism and playability incorporating the best from 50 years of World War II board wargaming. Play a recreated World War II in every detail, thanks to the engine flexibility and database
7081 | Football Referee Simulator—the groundbreaking game that puts you in the referee's shoes! Are you ready to kickstart your career in the lower divisions and ascend to legendary status by overseeing thrilling finals?
7082 | 《My Vow to My Liege》is a visual novel dating game. Players get to play as a girl disguised as the King of Ng, a man. The 4 dateable characters are: the guide, the enemy, the minister and the guard.Will they choose the man over the country? Love over hate? Who will they finally end up with?
7083 | A fierce struggle is taking place within Asgard, the realm of the Norse Gods.
7084 | Konnichiwa Shop-owner-kun! Become a hero of the weeb/otaku community in a cute Japanese suburb with your very own waifu pillow shop! Stock your shelves with exciting dakimakura designs, expand your store, and make a fortune in Shop Simulator: Waifu Pillows!
7085 | The love at first sight, came like a sunny summer day. Meet YUA and make your own sparkling moments.
7086 | Workout at home with an award-winning fitness app by Odders Lab and Les Mills! Discover the ultimate BODYCOMBAT experience from the world's leading fitness company in your headset, with an extensive workout portfolio, top-quality coaching, innovative mechanics and different intensities.
7087 | Missing Children | 行方不明 is a Japanese horror-themed adventure game about a bully detective searching for reported missing children.
7088 | Armed with only your wits and a pair of Stealthing Goggles, it’s your job to sneak your way through a deadly facility that’s determined to extinguish your fragile little life.
7089 | Once again, the world relies on Fox - Spy Fox, the suave secret agent who smoothly finesses his way through Spy Corps' toughest assignments. This time, Spy Corps' corrupt counterpart, the Society for Meaningless Evil, Larceny, Lying and Yelling (S.M.E.L.L.Y.) has devised a dogbot which will be unleashed upon the unsuspecting world!
7090 | Agony UNRATED is a first-person, survival horror set in hell. You will begin your journey as a tormented soul within the depths of hell without any memories about your past. The special ability to control people on your path, and possess demons, gives you the measures to survive.
7091 | Vault of the Void is a fast-paced roguelike deckbuilder where the power is in your hands. Continuously customise your deck, crafting powerful combos and ingenious strategies. Upgrade your cards with Void Stones, infusing them with new abilities to help defeat the minions of The Void!
7092 | With this long-expected sequel to the critically highly acclaimed and lavishly praised Deponia, the player enters round two. Chaos on Deponia turns out to be even wackier than its predecessor and instantly puts the player under its spell.
7093 | In PerfectLover, there are three girls for players to choose from. They have different personalities and wait for the players to unlock everything about them. If they do not take safety measures, they will be pregnant.
7094 | You're a frog who just got given a brain! 🐸 Point-and-click your way through a hand-drawn world and solve puzzles, collect items and talk to other hexed animals. . . Can you lift the curse?
7095 | Medieval - times of constant sieges. Acquire plans, gather resources, create most powerful and destructive machines and then test them in battle. Thanks to your creations you will conquer more than one castle. The knights wage wars, but thanks to your machines they win them.
7096 | The small town of Basswood will be changed forever by ex-investigative journalist Sam Higgs in this thrilling narrative experience from award-winning studio DON'T NOD. Will you find the truth – no matter the cost?
7097 | Cat in the Box is a horror adventure game. Help the poor girl explore the mansion and escape from unknown entities that are pursuing her. Use a variety of tools and your wits to overcome any challenges you face. At times, you'll even have to wake yourself from nightmares to survive.
7098 | The original brick breaker returns with its toughest challenge yet. Survive as long as you can in arcade or take on one of 50 challenges picking up game-changing power-ups along the way.
7099 | The second instalment in the series that would become known as Men of War. Through the eyes of Allied, German and Russian squad leaders, experience the most immersive World War II real-time strategy game where each battle is played out and won differently based on your tactical choices.
7100 | Broken Edge is a 1v1 VR fantasy sword fighting game where you embody iconic warriors in deadly duels. Claim victory in the arena as a fierce Samurai, a valiant Knight, an untamed Rōnin, or one of the 5 other fighters (and more to come)!
7101 | Pictopix is a puzzle game where you use logic to color squares on grids in order to reveal pictures.
7102 | 8-Bit Styled dungeon-crawler wherein you assemble a party from 12 Classes to brave The Depths in search of the Dragon God's Sacred Treasures!
7103 | A Single-Player Survival Horror Adventure: play as a cast of characters exploring an isolated village haunted by an ancient ritual—but beware, its labyrinthine roads will change each time you lose all your characters.
7104 | Physics engine-powered trendy toy figures, automatic battles, customizable moves, bring your friends and fight crickets together online!
7105 | Learn how to draw pixel art with a video game! Start from zero and develop real art skills in a relaxing way. Complete interactive tutorials, draw pixel art sprites, and play the games you create. Everyone can do this!
7106 | Eydigard is a co-op RPG inspired by Norwegian and Sami folklore. Shapeshift into powerful animals, reclaim plague-ravaged farms, and navigate complex clan politics. Your choices shape your journey and impact the world around you.
7107 | Compete with up to 4 players to build the most successful hardware store! Design your shop, manage inventory, hire employees, and influence market prices in this detailed business simulator. Master retail management as you expand your store empire.
7108 | Explore a beautiful and Enigmatic Victorian Manor with a dark secret, In this gothic horror story first person exploration puzzle game filled with fine art, secret passages and mysterious mechanical puzzles playing as the executor of the last will from the enigmatic Railroad Magnate Hadley Strange.
7109 | Ultimate Ragdoll Game is a Sandbox game without any limits. Have fun with ragdolls available in Steam Workshop and build your very own constructions using wide variety of blocks.
7110 | Susan had just stepped away to answer the phone, but when she returned she saw something pulling her son Jimmy through a shimmering portal. It closed before she could pull him back. To save him, she must find a way to this other world. Before Susan lies a world that no one else has ever seen before...
7111 | A light-hearted turn-based RPG, heavily inspired by old 2D classics. You will battle through waves of cute enemies, grow your characters, explore a diverse world, solve puzzles, and of course, save the world. (Just updated to version 3!)
7112 | Commandos 2: Men of Courage is a tactical action/strategy game set against the backdrop of World War II. Take control of an elite group of commandos who must venture deep into enemy territory and utilize their combined expertise to complete a series of mission-based objectives.
7113 | Été (summer) is a relaxing painting game set in Montréal. Color the city to explore, create artworks on canvas, collect stamps in your album, decorate your studio, fulfill commissions from your neighbors, and unleash your inner artist!
7114 | The Flayed Man is a short narrative-driven point and click horror game. Awaking without memories (or skin), you must uncover the sins of the past, pass judgement, and decide your fate in this macabre adventure.
7115 | Anarchy Online – the first ever science fiction MMO – is now on Steam! Compete and cooperate with thousands of players simultaneously on a vast, alien world. Join humanity nearly 30,000 years in the future in a world of perpetual conflict and scientific marvel.
7116 | Lovely adventuring RPG series. Casual, story-driven journey and quests. A darkness is coming that will engulf the whole kingdom. Prepare for an adventure full of surprises and heroic deeds.
7117 | Five years after the events of OXENFREE, Riley returns to her hometown of Camena to investigate mysterious radio signals. What she finds is more than she bargained for.
7118 | Vampire: The Masquerade - Reckoning of New York is a narrative game set in the World of Darkness Universe. Play as one of the members of the Vampire Clans in a shifting political landscape between the Camarilla and the Anarchs while trying your best to survive.
7119 | Force of Nature 2: Ghost Keeper offers incredible adventures full of mystery, danger, exploration and magic. This game combines the genres of Survival, Sandbox, Action, Adventure, RPG, Strategy and Resource Management
7120 | Turn heads. Drop jaws. Be bright. In this single-player 3D platformer, you’re the only one who can take down Mr. Buff and his lackies to restore color and life to the citizens of Cap City. Accompany Valah and the RKGK crew on their journey to take down the oppressive B Corp.
7121 | The year is 1510. As wars rage across Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, it is the age of gunpowder and mercenaries - that changed the course of history. You can do it as well, going from a leader of men to the ruler of an empire in this unique mix of RTS and grand strategy.
7122 | With the help of your railway, build houses, farms, warehouses, and more to create your village. Trade what your people make for other resources and gold to grow your village into a prospering town, and grow the railway into a powerhouse.
7123 | Saiko no Sutoka No Shiki is a spin-off of the original game Saiko no Sutoka, in which Saiko is a zombie anime girl who wants to play with her senpai, with the senpai needing to complete her parts and give her food to satisfy her hunger while simultaneously trying to escape.
7124 | The definitive top down racer
7125 | Deliver more and more kiwis to satiate the kings' hunger - sacrifice their pulp and transcend beyond your fruital form!
7126 | Protecting nobles from mud may look simple on the surface, but the intricate cape arranging puzzle mechanics ensure steadily increasing difficulty. Join the Knights on their quest to preserve dignity, and mindmuck is practically guaranteed! Playtime 10-35h.
7127 | Fast-Paced ULTRAKILL and DOOM like game where you are playing as the last Cameraman, who has to fight off the army of Skibidi Toilets using various weapons and cheerful music 🚽 (And little bit of pure brainrot)
7128 | Creating a brand new way to play pinball that deftly combines the look and feel of digital pinball with the sensation of a real-world experience, Pinball FX2 VR is the premiere place for pinball action in VR!
7129 | The Wreckage resounds with the echoes of countless songs, filling the air of a constantly shifting maze where bravery and sacrifice are key to staying alive. Then, without warning, one song goes silent. Will you step into this dicey labyrinth and uncover its secrets in this minimalist and dark RPG?
7130 | Papa’s Quiz is a party game for 1-8 players. Use phones or tablets as controllers and compete in multiple question types, where the smartest and fastest player will be the last standing victor! Share screen on Discord or use Steam Remote Play to play with your friends!
7131 | Take on the demonic threat as Letifer in an action-packed mix of twin-stick shooter, roguelite, and survivors-like gameplay. Gun through brutal Rituals, shape your build with powerful upgrades, and return to base for lasting upgrades to your character and gear.
7132 | An exploration game about emotional ties that transcend even death. Riley is faced with a headstrong ghost, urging her on an adventure across atmospheric shores, uncovering the island's tragic secret. Choices in dialogue shape the bond between the two, ultimately deciding Riley's fate.
7133 | Like a bastard child of Quake 3 and Super Meat Boy, SEUM: Speedrunners from Hell is truly hardcore and focuses on speed and fast reaction.
7134 | Line 1, the most complicated subway in Seoul, is now coming in PC version. You can feel high immersion with the graphics that realize the actual Seoul scenery, the train driving sound, and the realistic train driving system. Experience the operation of the Seoul subway!
7135 | Experience the epic journey of Nuna and Fox as they search for the source of an eternal blizzard that threatens the survival of everything they have ever known.
7136 | ENDLESS™ Dungeon is a Rogue-lite Tactical Action game, set in the award-winning ENDLESS™ Universe. Recruit a team of shipwrecked heroes, plunge into a long-abandoned space station, and protect your crystal against never-ending waves of monsters… or die trying, get reloaded, and try again.
"7137 | Get ready to fly with Amber in this ""wonderful"" time management adventure!"
"7138 | ""The Jester"" is a first-person psychological horror game with VHS effect. Something lives in the shadows and feeds on your fear. Are you ready to dive into insanity?"
7139 | A campy, crazy pixelart zombie apocalypse arcade sim where you're the bad guy. Drop your virus and spread it across the globe while you unlock a whole horde of bizarre undead to do your bidding.
7140 | A murder. A hack. A bombing. All it takes to plunge the solar system into war – unless you do something about it. Help CDI agent Neil Conrad make a string of increasingly difficult decisions in this modern dialog-driven adventure set in a gorgeous 2D sci-fi noir universe.
7141 | Paradise is a Boys Love visual novel and tells the story of a group of men who go on holiday on a deserted island. When things begin to go wrong, they realize to their horror that they are stranded. Turns out that’s only the start of their problems.
7142 | Virtual Circuit Board is the sandbox drawing-based logic simulator where you can build, program, decorate, and simulate anything from simple monochrome circuits to complex and colorful computers. Play with digital logic in this sandbox-only experience.
7143 | Field of Glory: Empires is a grand strategy game in which you will have to move in an intricate and living tapestry of nations and tribes, each one with their distinctive culture.
7144 | Welcome to Oakwood, a long abandoned campground nestled in the forests of British Columbia. Explore the woods, caves, and a dilapidated lodge in search of your friends, while surviving the prehistoric horrors that now haunt the grounds.
7145 | You summon a succubus to escape the torment at work, only to find that she looks just like your abusive boss! Can you endure living under the same roof with the bane of your existence and the ultimate object of your desire?
7146 | The poor woman who lives with her little brother. She is imprisoned and forced into prostitution for her brother’s medications, she keeps struggling to free herself from the prostitution and prosecute those bad guys with justice.
7147 | Tune your dream drift car, change parts, boost performance and challenge other players on Japan's legendary EBISU circuits!
"7148 | ""Escape First 3"" is the third installment of a multiplayer escape room puzzle game for virtual reality or desktop PC! It includes 3 different escape rooms to choose from and can be played competitively, co-op or solo."
7149 | Save the day as a star-shooting, platform-bouncing cutie pie in Gimmick! Special Edition. SUNSOFT's beloved physics-based action platformer finally bursts onto current platforms enriched with a rewind feature, a time attack mode, online leaderboards, and modern extras.
7150 | A fantasy yuri visual novel filled with magic, fairies, and a ghost girl. When Maddie and her best friend, Tara, journey to a remote forest village to investigate rumors of the supernatural, they find a whole lot more than they bargained for.
7151 | An interactive illustration five years in the making where you drive a cat tram through picturesque mountain villages. A relaxed, casual, delightful experience. Ding ding!
7152 | Enter a world of perilous puzzles and bizarre perspectives--as a cockroach. What you discover may shock you. What you don't may kill you. Either way, you won't come out the same person. You may not even come out a person at all.
7153 | Build your dream farm with your friends & animals in Big Farm Story. Grow crops, tend your fields, craft and explore the world in this farming adventure. Meet new friends around each corner, shape your own community and have fun writing your own story.
7154 | Strider returns in a brand new adventure, complete with incredible side-scrolling action, and lightning fast combat all in a massive interconnected world! Download the full game February 19th and become the original assassin!
7155 | Enter an enchanting world of legends and magic, where your destiny was written in blood and whispers of true love.
7156 | Take the role of a jockey and ride racecourses around the world aiming to build your reputation and become the No.1. jockey!
7157 | BloodDome99 is a game about nostalgia, capitalism, violence, and over-the-top absurdist fun. 80s arcade meets modern horde-survival roguelike. Create unique builds, master more than 40 weapons, and kill ever-growing hordes of contestants in the retro-futuristic gladiator gameshow BLOODDOME99
7158 | Whispers of a Machine is a Sci-Fi Nordic Noir that tells the story of Vera, a cybernetically augmented detective in a post-AI world, who investigates a string of murders and unravels a dark conflict over forbidden technology.
7159 | As a vow to his dying Master, the young swordsman Hiroki is sworn to protect his town and the people he loves against all threats. Faced with tragedy and bound to duty, the lone samurai must voyage beyond life and death to confront himself and decide his path forward.
7160 | Jets'n'Guns 2 is a side-scrolling space shooter with insane levels of action and destruction. Travel the galaxies and unleash an arsenal of the deadliest weapons and devices to save the universe from its inevitable doom.
7161 | FIGHT KNIGHT is a first-person dungeon-brawler! Grid-based dungeon crawling meets action-packed real time enemy encounters. Fight your way through puzzles and enemies to save those trapped in the Tower's eternal night!
7162 | In Sakura Swim Club, follow the story of Kaede, just your average guy. Upon transferring to a new school, he meets two beautiful girls in the swim club. Things haven't gone well for the swim club lately, but with Kaede's help, that all changes.
7163 | Ocean’s Heart is an epic top-down action RPG in which you explore a beautiful archipelago as a young woman named Tilia. Take on contracts to fight monsters, descend deep into ancient dungeons, defeat menacing foes, and unravel the mystery of Ocean’s Heart. All done in beautiful, bright pixel art.
7164 | Car Dealership Simulator is an extremely comprehensive and detailed car dealership business simulation game.
7165 | From the creator of Summer Memories comes a new game where you must look after a demon named Lilim! Now you must juggle your time to keep her happy... or else!
7166 | FATE fans! You asked for it and we delivered. FATE: Undiscovered Realms, the dungeon crawl-ier sequel to our classic dungeon crawler, is now available! Take up the quest to find a mysterious tome. Import your characters from the original FATE and start a new adventure today!
7167 | The DeLuca Family is a story-driven adult game. Try to win over the ladies of the house and increase in the ranks in the crimeworld. Choose your playstyle with three modes - full experience (Text-based rpg game), story+freeroaming, or VN-Mode. But no matter the mode, lots of lewd!
7168 | A letter from 10 years ago, an intricate web of lies to unravel and a mystery to solve. Explore an unconventional town of pirates, dive into the past, collect items and look for clues to help Willy find out what happened to his father...
"7169 | This is a light puzzle game where you play as Onmyoji characters ""Yang"" and ""Yue"" to exorcise spirits from a mansion. Enjoy immersive, eerie puzzles without any fear!"
7170 | Experience the brutality and randomness of war as an Allied tactical commander in the Pacific Theater during World War 2. Train, equip, and command a squad of soldiers as you fight against the fanatical Imperial Japanese Empire.
7171 | Noby and his friends are back in an all-new Doraemon: Story of Seasons title! Grow crops, raise animals, and use Doraemon's Secret Gadgets to help friends in a fun-filled and heartwarming story that people of all ages can enjoy.
7172 | Yugo Puzzle is a minimalist, relaxing, and satisfying puzzle game. Move jelly blocks left and right to merge them with the same color. It may sound simple, but it’s deceptively challenging. Enjoy the satisfaction of solving each puzzle.
7173 | Craft and automate an industrial empire from scratch! Experience a strategic game teeming with challenges as you manage resources, overcome hurdles, and optimize production chains. Are you ready to conquer the challenges of Incremental Factory? Your journey starts here... The Factory Must Grow!
"7174 | Guidus Zero is a real-time grid-based action roguelike game. Explore the sinkhole known as the ""Scar"" to search for spirits and treasure chests, and defeat the corrupted enemies and bosses as you strive to reach the deepest floor of the Scar, where the source of chaos awaits."
7175 | Grotto is a mystical, narrative-focused experience. You are the Soothsayer. The one capable of talking with the stars and unveiling their messages. In a time of turmoil, the tribe of the valley turn to your powers of divination and come to you for guidance.
7176 | Rotary-wing aviation and helicopter combat with a dynamic battlefield and the support of ground forces. Appreciated for MMO elements and an addictive gameplay loop. Use tactics and make strategic decisions or fly around and shoot in historically accurate maps.
7177 | A city-building game with a unique twist—step inside and experience your city firsthand! Plan roads, zones, and infrastructure while growing your economy, managing resources, and unlocking special buildings. Host events, build mega projects, and watch your city thrive in a dynamic world.
7178 | In this city builder and tower defense game, you will command a small band of ship wrecked colonists. Progress from struggling to survive the elements to a thriving kingdom that will smash the demon hordes that dare attack your settlement.
7179 | Moonbreaker is a turn-based strategy, tactical skirmish game. The game is designed to be a true digital miniatures experience, set in an expansive sci-fi universe crafted by Brandon Sanderson. Direct Captain and Crew in gripping, ever-changing competition and adventure.
7180 | Master of Pottery is a pottery-themed creation + simulation game. Make pottery, open exhibitions, complete orders, train apprentices, run your own showroom and start a relaxing pottery journey.
7181 | Downwell is a curious game about a young person venturing down a well in search of untold treasures with only his Gunboots to protect him.
7182 | A twin stick shooter without the twin stick, Gunlocked is a sci-fi action roguelike about careful positioning and upgrade selection. Manage unique targeting systems across multiple weapons and upgrades, as you battle legions of alien ships, and then do it all over again!
7183 | In this installment, there is a Sugoroku themed around the old Japan, with various events triggered by the squares you land on. Work together with other players to defeat yokai, and aim for the jackpot. As you progress in the game, you can enhance your abilities with various upgrades.
7184 | Sex With Hitler:2069 is a unique blend of visual novel and top-down shooter.Fuhrer - is the protagonist of the story, He lost everything and now he’s looking for a new life. Along with him, you will fight in the fields of cyberpunk world.
7185 | Flocking Hell is a deeply strategic roguelite where you defend your pasture from demonic invasion. It blends calm exploration with auto-battler combat, offering a mix of easy-to-learn mechanics and thought-provoking gameplay. It also has a LOT of sheep 🐑😈
7186 | Rock Star Life Simulator is an extensive fame simulation game. Start this adventure by playing the guitar on the street, form your own band. Protect the fame, money, and charisma you earned with the right decisions and become a world star!
7187 | Dive into Odd Realm, a mystical colony sim set in a land of fantasy! Lead your settlers to construct a thriving haven, navigating unpredictable seasons, elusive bandits, unseen horrors, and fabled gods. Every choice etches your colony's destiny, igniting a saga of adventure, peril, and triumph.
7188 | Daymare: 1994 Sandcastle is a third-person story-driven survival horror game prequel to the critically acclaimed Daymare: 1998. Step into the shoes of agent Dalila Reyes, a former government spy now in the service of H.A.D.E.S. unit and prepare to face the true horror.
7189 | Jotun is a hand-drawn action-exploration game set in Norse mythology. In Jotun, you play Thora, a Viking warrior who died an inglorious death and must prove herself to the Gods to enter Valhalla. Impress the Gods!
7190 | Inhabiting the World of Darkness, you must face a series of brutal confrontations with your nemesis Vukodlak, a powerful vampire lord.
7191 | Rediscover the breathtaking world of Windstorm. Delve into the fascinating story of Mika, a girl known as a horse whisperer, as she befriends the majestic black stallion called Windstorm – with fully updated graphics and a new photo mode!
7192 | Show the Spirits the power of love and save the world in this romantic visual novel!
7193 | You're the newest star on the rise in the world of porn, but you'll have to earn your spot at the top! Use your mouth, hands and a legendary cock to climb the ranks all the way up from a lowly amateur to the very heights of porn stardom. Do you have what it takes to be America's Next Top Pornstar!?
7194 | After being transported to another world, the goblin shaman Anu takes you in as her servant. Tend to the lazy gobliness' every need... and strive to win her affection!
7195 | A horror game that tests your wits, courage and dark sense of humor. Solve puzzles to survive in a world full of dark secrets, but beware - there could be something waiting around every corner!
7196 | Umurangi Generation is a first person photography game in the shitty future. Set in Tauranga Aotearoa off the back of an impending crisis you are a courier for the Tauranga Express. Throughout the game you will unlock a variety of lenses and equipment.
7197 | A turn-based roguelike deckbuilder where your King is your strongest weapon. Play cards from your deck to drop units onto the battlefield and checkmate your opponent. Build your Deck, Upgrade your Ruler, and Claim the Throne.
"7198 | ICEY is a 2D side-scrolling action game and a META game in disguise. As you follow the narrator's omnipresent voice, you will see through ICEY's eyes and learn the truth about her world. The narrator will constantly urge you in one direction, but you must ask, ""Why? Why am I following his directions?“ Obey? Rebel?"
7199 | FMTC is a multiplayer online shooter (TPS+FPS), 2Tap gameplay category. Choose the right location to land, choose the right skills for you, search for weapons, ammo, armor, vehicles and other equipment. One shot helmet, one shot head, two shots can kill the enemy, every moment, it is life and death.
7200 | Back in 1999, SNK and CAPCOM brought their best fighters together for a fighting game extravaganza! The dream collaboration that can fit in your hands can now be enjoyed on Steam!
7201 | For the first time in video game history, climb aboard Grendizer the Legendary Robot and fight against the forces of evil to defend our planet Earth!
7202 | Imagine an enemy that is everywhere and moves like a giant, organic mass across the map. Imagine your base and your people surrounded by a blanket of crushing destruction from all directions. Your only hope, well what hope? Then you take the high ground and pound this enemy into oblivion.
7203 | Join honorable thief Ebizo on the streets of Mikado, and put your thieving skills to the test! Will you walk the path of honor for the sake of family? The choice is yours to make.
7204 | Premium Bowling is as close to real bowling as you'll get without picking up a physical bowling ball. Start the game and play like you're in a real bowling alley. Experience the realism in every throw, every hit, and every strike!
7205 | Mud and Blood, the cult classic flash real time strategy game, returns with its signature take on infantry tactics. Command a small squad through brutal battles against unfair odds. This is combat. Experience the chaos and unceremonious violence of modern war, where every decision counts.
7206 | Fight, solve puzzles, and learn the secrets of Homunculi in this character-action RPG experience. Create and customize your own Homunculus, develop new techniques and combos with an array of weapons, and fight to end a centuries-long conflict.
7207 | Become the greatest detective of all time in The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, a twisting, turning investigation game set in a faithfully-reproduced London of 1898. As Sherlock Holmes, you must find clues, interrogate suspects and unveil a mystery in a story full of twists!
7208 | Them and Us is a classic, survival horror game with a focus on atmosphere and player immersion. Discover the truth of Alicia’s past as she descends further into her strange, unending nightmare.
7209 | Eight women simultaneously appear in your life, offering you unconditional love and support! Will you choose to uphold your beliefs and become a good man, or give in to human temptations and become a bad man?
7210 | Get ready to go on a wacky and joyful turn-based RPG adventure! Play as Loaf, a freshly baked flour golem, and explore the different regions of a wonderful world ripe with mysteries with the help of a colorful cast of characters.
7211 | Now, this is a story all about how, Luna's life got flipped-turned upside down... Kick back at the Cherry Crown Diner with a cast of quirky heroines in this meme-tastic visual novel that's fizzing with extreme happiness.
7212 | Employ lethal turrets, traps, and gadgets to defend against an onslaught of evolving creeps! Step into a twisted, hyper 3D, mind bending realm. Upgrade and adapt your defenses. Become a master maze crafter. Collect bizarre artifacts. Rush creeps for lucrative rewards, and succumb to greed!
7213 | A third-person survival horror game featuring non-linear gameplay, puzzles, and enemies from the depths of hell. When Anna's mother passes away from a sudden illness, she receives a worrying letter from her sister suggesting that not all is as it seems. Will she uncover the truth?
7214 | Discover the exiled Frog Prince!
7215 | In Tiny Life, you control a set of people that live together in a household. You take care of their daily needs, build their skills, forge new relationships... or just mess up their entire life in whatever way you can think of!
7216 | Takuya Arima receives a package from his supposedly deceased father. It contains the mysterious Reflector Device which allows the user to travel between parallel worlds. Takuya must unearth the mystery of his father's legacy to prevent a calamity threatening to envelop reality itself.
7217 | White Wool & Snow is the second visual novel in the Misericorde series.
7218 | Forge your Kingdom amidst the Ruins of Rome in this turn-based 4X strategy game! As the world crumbles, rebuild civilization and shape your people’s destiny. Unleash your strategic prowess, conquer provinces, and crush all who stand in your way.
7219 | While walking home with a group of friends, you discover a mysterious beam of light coming from an unexpected solar eclipse. The light leads you to an ancient astrological site that suddenly transports you all to an unfamiliar world!
7220 | The world's fastest brawler is back. Experience cinematic kung-fu in the most epic stickman fighter ever made. Staying true to the original, you play with only two buttons. Every press matters, do not button mash!
7221 | Spectral Scream is a 1-4 player cooperative horror exploration game. Are you ready to face death in the maw of purgatory? Your goal is to find key items in each chapter and retrieve the orb. But be careful! Threatening and vicious creatures await you at every stage.
7222 | Ride into a hilarious construction puzzler; packed with over 100 creative physics-based challenges, sports and bloody disasters! Build contraptions to help every passenger reach their destination. Enjoy the sports by controlling your riders away from (or towards if you feel like it) peril!
7223 | Smash, kick, stomp and chomp your way through a fully destructible city! Go to town in this cathartic action sandbox, either alone or in split screen local multiplayer.
7224 | BBR2: Island Adventure is a mayhem-filled kart-racer with an emphasis on split screen fun and game rule customization. Customize and save your own zany race rules for epic contests with up to 8 local players.
7225 | The Ghost Who Walks is back! Comics' very first costumed hero is coming to Steam and console in an all new side scrolling beat-em-up adventure. Take on the Singh brotherhood across the globe with only your physical strength, skill with weapons and fearsome reputation!
7226 | In this classic point-and-click adventure anthology by award-winning indie developer Scriptwelder, you'll protect an unsuspecting hamlet from yourself, try to prepare for an incoming undead horde, and search a seemingly empty spaceship for answers to a gruesome mystery.
7227 | Bud Spencer and Terence Hill in their first virtual adventure. Slaps And Beans is a co-operative or single player scrolling beat’ em up game with the addition of platform elements and mini-games in which you'll interpret the characters of Bud Spencer and Terence Hill
7228 | Be Flint, who is doing his best to keep his grandma's park up and running and make it a place for the campers to enjoy. Learn the camper's wishes and build whatever their hearts desire to attract even more quirky characters and look forward to whimsical conversations and quests.
7229 | The original beautiful girl side-scrolling shooter is back! This work commemorates the 30th anniversary of the Cotton series.
7230 | Overcome emotional struggles across a touching narrative filled with twists and surprises. Embark on a dream-like journey, with breathtaking artistic direction and the enthralling voice of Hannah Murray (Game of Thrones, Skins).
7231 | Space adventure, open world RPG, strategy, arcade, quest and more!
7232 | A young woman from the 21st century with sharp swordsmanship skills finds herself in Honnō-ji during the Sengoku period! Together with a trio of newfound ninja friends, she races through the Underworld beneath Honnō-ji, confronted by enraged corpses at every turn!
7233 | Pull Stay is a wacky Beat 'em up game with Tower Defense mechanics. Use your fists or set crazy traps to repel enemies from rushing into your house! As a guardian robot, defend your buddy Susumu who has been a shut-in for years!
7234 | Ants Took My Eyeball is a 2D action platformer roguelite. Descend into an ever-changing ant hill, fight your way through hordes of insects with a variety of weapons, face formidable bosses and ultimately find your stolen eyeball.
7235 | MEDIEVAL: Total War™ - Collection Edition is the compilation of the critically-acclaimed Medieval: Total War and its official expansion pack - Viking Invasion.
7236 | The fate of a captured princess lies in the hands of a single woman. Using the power of the spirits and a variety of items, the female knight Jeanne must explore the kingdom that's been thrown into chaos to save Princess Lily in this classic-style action RPG.
7237 | Explore the picturesque U3 line of Hamburg's elevated railroad in the new SubwaySim Hamburg!
7238 | Crawl through pipes, navigate the maze, listen carefully and get out before Rodland finds you.
7239 | Speed through a gorgeous retrowave world using parkour skills and a grappling hook to scale and ride walls in this fast-paced, 3D platformer. Blast enemies, manipulate time and abuse physics to avoid falling to your death.
7240 | The origins of the world are yours to decide in this engaging and open-ended builder experience! Shape the geography, control the temperature, and give rise to diverse lifeforms. Witness the birth of an entirely new ecosystem, made with your very own hands!
7241 | Schism is a challenging action roguelike RPG with deep synergies and high broken build potential. The combination of robust stat systems, fully moddable guns, deity worship, intense frequency-switching bullet hell combat, and difficult bosses make for a unique and highly replayable experience.
7242 | Take the reins of a feudal dynasty in a divided galaxy following the destruction of earth. Star Dynasties is a turn based, procedurally generated narrative of human drama and personal politics, mixed with a light empire management layer. Your choices. Your legacy.
7243 | Working in a gossip magazine. Being surrounded by beautiful women, and having incredible erotic adventures!
7244 | Facehand is a synergy-driven roguelike deckbuilder with autobattling mechanics. Craft the perfect deck and chain card abilities to create wild combos!
7245 | Deliver those goods, real good - or get turned into scrap trying! Precision platforming, genre-bending power-ups, a challenging campaign, and a galaxy full of jokes await you in Levelhead!
7246 | A comfy yuri VN about the foxgirl Miho and her quest to find the person who's most important to her. This emotional visual novel features two different heroines to choose from, and a story that will make you both laugh and cry!
7247 | An all-star cast of iconic DreamWorks characters brings the fun and hilarity to high-speed kart racing action like never before! Race on 20 different DreamWorks-themed tracks with your choice of 20 of the most iconic DreamWorks characters in a kart racing experience like no other.
7248 | The year is 2419. War has devastated Earth, and mega-corporations take to the stars to fight over colonised planets. Your employer, the Crayven Corporation, chose you to command an army of ground and air forces. You thought it would be just another brush-fire war. You were wrong.
7249 | Ready to take your skills with women to the NEXT next level in this amazing sequel to the smash hit Super Seducer? We put you in everyday scenarios and let you do practically anything to see how it plays out with beautiful women.
7250 | Ripout is an online Co-Op horror FPS that will have players fight their way through procedurally generated derelict ships filled with mutants capable of reconfiguring their alien bodies. Survive with your trusty Pet Gun companion, collect loot, and customize your character to fit your playstyle.
7251 | Adventurer Adol Christin has washed ashore in yet another mysterious, isolated new land, inhabited by a people who sport long ears and bushy tails...and are none too fond of humans. Experience the very first 3D Ys game as never before, with a whole new gameplay mode unique to this release!
7252 | Autobahn Police Simulator 3 lets you play as a rookie officer who just resumed their position after a serious car accident left them incapacitated for a while. Work diligently and take on missions to become a capable police officer and keep the autobahn safe.
7253 | Welcome to Orgasm Academy💦, an exhilarating adult only visual novel that transforms your studies into the most thrilling game of your life!
7254 | Experience award-winning Flower, now available on PC. Flower lets you take control of the wind as you explore and navigate beautiful, lush environments.
7255 | Explore Gensokyo from an outsider's perspective in this old-school Touhou DRPG!
7256 | Blast, slice and shred through your enemies in this hardcore FPS inspired by the icons of the '90s, powered by the legendary Quake-1 Tech. Taking place in a realm left to rot, take up arms, unearth long-forgotten secrets and hunt down the Guardians of the Old World.
7257 | planetarian HD is an engaging and emotional visual novel from legendary game studio, Key. A sub-brand of VISUAL ARTS, Key are also famed for creating Kanon, AIR, CLANNAD, Little Busters!, Rewrite, Angel Beats!, and Summer Pockets.
7258 | Embark on a thrilling co-op adventure in 'Brave Escape,' a challenging platformer demanding teamwork to conquer perilous traps and treacherous terrain.
7259 | Defuse a Toxic Plot and Reveal the Truth Behind Kate Drew’s Death!
7260 | The Backrooms: 1998 is a first-person found footage psychological horror survival game where it tells the story of a young teen after accidentally falling into the depths of The Backrooms in 1998. Roam freely, mark, explore and try unravel the story - however you are not alone. Don't scream.
7261 | Unleash your inner miner as you commandeer a high-tech Mining Mech! Mine for valuable resources and upgrade your mech for even bigger hauls as you explore the underground. Fun to play alone or with up to 7 friends in online co-op multiplayer!
7262 | Become an ace motorcycle mechanic. Buy used motorcycles, repair, and sell them for a profit. Work with 15 types of motorbikes. Develop a workshop and attract as many customers as you can. Customize bikes or create your own dream bike from hundreds of available parts.
7263 | Throw a grenade down memory lane with the original and classic turn-based strategy game Worms™! Up to 4 teams of worms do battle over an ever-changing battlefield with falling weapon crates, crazed exploding sheep and more besides. Winner of many industry awards, find out what all the fuss was about.
7264 | Find 100 cats hiding in the cozy medieval Germany in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game.
7265 | Explore and reclaim the infested castle-city of Kingsvein! Ride into its depths on your trusty wyvern, and lead your customizable party of Knights and Mystics in deep tactical combat.
7266 | Wildly open-ended adventure in a unique fantasy world. Use battle or diplomacy and trickery to change the world, served by an army of custom-made mutant monsters. Almost 90 zones to explore and 50+ hours of gameplay. Enormous range of abilities, factions, quests, and paths to victory.
"7267 | Horny Suika - Wet Watermelon is an adorable and fun game about dropping ""fruits"" into a container, with a little twist. New features and different game modes. Combine small ""fruits"" to make them larger, creating big ""watermelons"" without overflowing the container, and enjoy your worthy ""rewards""."
7268 | Alisa is a Horror-themed Action Adventure game and a genuine throwback to the golden age of 90s 3D games.
7269 | Serial Cleaners is a top-down stealth-action game, where you get to experience being a murder scene cleaner for the mob in 1990s New York. Alternate between four cleaners, each with their own unique style, and live their stories.
7270 | Take command of your custom-built beast in KILLDOZER. Unleash instinctive combat in a fully destructible world where chaos reigns. Plan your assault, obliterate every obstacle, and shatter the limits of mayhem. Get. Your. Revenge.
7271 | Welcome to Lust Mansion🔞, a visual novel for adults that immerses you in the mysterious world of the post-war period of the 1950s. You take control of the protagonist, Peter, who returns to his adopted grandfather's old mansion, which has been deserted since his passing.
7272 | Rampage Knights is a cooperative beat 'em up game mixed up with randomized dungeon crawling and exploration, which you can play alone or with a friend online.
7273 | Three friends uncover mysteries in the 1980s. Follow their amazing adventures in a game where your decisions really matter. Be prepared to spin like a record on your incredible journey back to the era of synthesizers, VHS Rental stores, 8 bits games and evil alien conspiracies.
7274 | Bus World is a game about passenger transportations in various conditions, starting from standard days of a bus driver and ending with rescuing people who suffered from disasters.
7275 | A virtuous princess and her lady knight battle depraved demons called Lustfiends, but struggle between shame and lust themselves... An erotic dark-fantasy visual novel.
7276 | Time to fight back against the spirits! Play as an exorcist with firearms and purge unlawful spirits to solve the mystery of the Saiga village invasion in Nara!
"7277 | Rogue Legacy is a genealogical rogue-""LITE"" where anyone can be a hero. Each time you die, your child will succeed you. Every child is unique. One child might be colorblind, another might be a dwarf with vertigo. But that's OK, because no one is perfect, and you don't have to be to succeed."
7278 | A tranquil world becomes ever more corrupt by the day, spoiled by a pirate organization that forcefully impose their brewing monopoly over the lands. It's up to you to explore, forage, craft, sell and deliver your brews to overthrow the corrupt pirate organization and restore peace.
7279 | q.u.q. is a surreal visual novel about a somewhat crude girl that wanders a desert.
7280 | A bite-sized 3D Platformer sequel with more focus on the things people enjoyed in the first game like fast gameplay, flow focused levels and cute costumes (two this time).
7281 | Maid of Sker is a first-person survival horror, set in a remote hotel with a gory and macabre history from Welsh folklore. Brave the nightmares of the Quiet Ones. Do not panic…don’t even breathe!
7282 | Welcome to Mech Builder- a relaxing puzzle game inspired by Model building(gunpla). You will experience the relaxing process of building a model kit with complete freedom with over 70+ puzzles.
7283 | Mr Sun’s Hatbox is a slapstick, roguelite platformer about getting the job done at all costs. Upgrade your HQ, your team, and your tools so you can take on increasingly dangerous (and ridiculous) missions, wearing hats with amazing (or questionable) potential.
7284 | A tale of the planet's final love story told using the full force of minori's critically acclaimed illustrative style, engaging musical compositions, and the highly talented staff that has led fans coming back for more every single time!
7285 | When a mysterious and beautiful woman rushes into George Stobbart’s office, pleading for help, he cannot know that he will be inextricably drawn into terrifying conspiracy, and a desperate search for a nefarious artifact of great and terrible power. For George, it looks like the world needs saving. Again.
7286 | Sail a fleet of customizable ships across an ocean whose ancient depths have swallowed the key to the mysterious past. Befriend fishfolk to expand your boat crews, take up arms against petulant pirates, and chart a course across an expansive watery world. Will you answer the call of High Adventure?
"7287 | Hydrofoil Generation is a realistic sailing and foiling simulator. An exciting and accurate first-person simulation of multiplayer ""in-shore"" regattas, now featuring official Global Racing League SailGP content. Put your skills and heart to the test!"
7288 | Heavy headed blocky guys sumo wrestle and tumble around.
7289 | Metal Fatigue is a real-time strategy game taking the genre to new heights - literally. Build and customize your massive Combots to dominate the three battlefield levels simultaneously - from orbit, to the surface, and even underground!
7290 | Seek out and solve 10,000+ puzzles at your own pace across this sublime puzzle game.
7291 | A high quality, erotic, sexy and fun visual novel - and yes, there are animations!
7292 | A dungeon crawler for tired people.
"7293 | Step into the shoes of a policeman in ""Amber Alert,"" a difficult survival horror game. Responding to a late-night call, you find a sinister cult of women abductors. Your mission: rescue a captive girl. Navigate perilous streets, evade cult members, and survive."
7294 | Build, debug and optimize a computer network in an underground facility.
7295 | FreeSpace 2, the follow up to the classic Descent: FreeSpace – The Great War is ready to engage you in the second round. Follow the Grand Terran Vasudan Alliance further into the mysteries of the Shivans. Get your flight stick and hit the flight deck. The last time was just a warm up.
7296 | The Final Cut is the ultimate collector's edition of Dreamfall Chapters, a story-driven 3D adventure about choice and consequence, set in parallel worlds: a cyberpunk vision of the future and a magical fantasy realm.
7297 | In de Blob 2 Comrade Black and the Inkies are back with a whole new plot to rid the world of color. Set off on an action-packed color adventure where custom paints, patterns and music bring the world to life. De Blob 2 is a creative evolution driven by your imagination.
7298 | A shortage of magic crystals and the sudden awakening of ancient robots leads six new friends on an incredible investigation across Terra – a cozy and fantastic world that combines 3D and pixel art.
7299 | Welcome to Trappist-1, 40.7 light-years from Earth. Fly your Ark, a colossal spaceship and mobile base. Explore the solar system and establish thriving colonies. Uncover the mysteries of Trappist in this story-driven colony builder.
7300 | Life has ceased. Man is but a myth. And now, even the machines have begun to fail. Lead Horatio Nullbuilt and his sarcastic sidekick Crispin on a journey through the crumbling world of Primordia, facing malfunctioning robots, ancient secrets, and an implacable, power-hungry foe.
7301 | RISE. FALL. REPEAT. Ascend to the level of the Gods as you battle your way out of a shattered and chaotic dimension in this fast paced parkour FPS rogue-like.
7302 | Find 100 cats hiding in Paris, France in this cute hand-drawn hidden object game
7303 | Lewd Island - a choice driven adult visual novel, located on an abandoned island, where you build your relationship with a fellow survivor using your romantic and survivor skils.
7304 | Brew your perfect beer in this relaxing home brewing sim. Use a realistic chemistry simulation to brew hoppy IPAs to creamy stouts. Customise your brewing space, create recipes and label your beer, unlock new equipment and enter competitions. Learn to brew, refine your craft and become a Brewmaster!
7305 | Grab your magnifying glass and peek inside a series of tiny dioramas filled with crimes and carefully crafted mysteries! Think outside the box and solve them all in this new brand of detective game!
7306 | The cutest, deadliest top-down roguelike shooter featuring AK-wielding Axolotls. Blast your way through the animal kingdom with an arsenal of kick-ass guns, mighty power-ups and even raise an army of trigger-happy baby axolotls. 🔫🔫 Double the firepower! Local co-op update now live!
7307 | Rebel Galaxy is a swashbuckling space adventure, with action-packed combat, exploration, discovery, trade, and “negotiation” with the outlandish denizens at the edge of the known universe.
7308 | A turn-based strategy game like no other has landed on Steam. Approachable, absorbing and visually impressive yet detailed, Battle Academy aims to revolutionise the strategy games market with a blend of intuitive design and compelling gameplay.
7309 | Praey for the Gods is a boss climbing open world adventure game where you play a lone hero sent to the edge of a dying frozen land to explore and solve the secrets of a never ending winter. Grapple, glide and grab hold of massive beasts as you fight to survive and return the world to proper order.
7310 | Train your stats, cast spells, feed your minion, defeat monsters and bosses, raise demons, craft gems, go fishing and so much more in Wizard and Minion Idle--WAMI. This free to play, solo developed, Idle/active hybrid game has flexible pacing for long-time play-ability.
7311 | Milling machine simulator will inspire novices and experts alike. Realistic physics and movements allow you to familiarize yourself with the machine in a 3D workshop setting. Enjoy playing around, learning and prototyping in Free milling mode. Or challenge yourself in Career mode.
7312 | Blast through alien hordes as the finest cyborg mercenary in existence! To emerge victorious, you'll need to manage time and resources skillfully. Toaplan's run-and-gun smash-hit finally arrives on PC, reloaded with new features and quality-of-life extras!
7313 | Last Command is a fast-paced Snake x Bullet Hell action game. Maneuver through enemies’ barrage of attacks, collect Data Points to deal damage! Mix and match skill chips as you progress, overcome intense Boss battles, and uncover the secrets of their program world...
7314 | Sipho is an action survival game with an intricate building system. Grow your own creature and take over the local ecosystem. Fight, grow, survive, dominate. Play in adventure or sandbox mode.
"7315 | ""Rise of Rebellion"" is a 3D action RPG that pursues the tension of confronting strong enemies and sweating in your hands. People worshiped God and the land where God dwelled. Survive the battlefield by mastering the deep tactics of melee weapons and the energy ""Tel energy"" derived from the earth."
7316 | Shoot from affar or get nibble away up-close and personal in a boss-rush, bullet-dodging revival of the 1982 Atari classic title, Yars' Revenge. Take on 60 unique enemy encounters alone or with a friend in local co-op.
7317 | Speedball 2 HD is a modern reincarnation on the classic, futuristic cyberpunk sports game Speedball, originally developed by the Bitmap Brothers and first released for the Atari ST in 1990. A brutal mix of handball and ice hockey placed at break-neck pace.
7318 | DISORDER is a dark, twisted word puzzle horror game where your mistakes hold irreversible consequences. Players will be challenged to play through a series of challenging rounds in an attempt to 'Save Your Family' if the player fails a round they then 'Choose Who Dies'
7319 | A bite-sized 3D Platformer with a few weird elements.
7320 | Cube World is a voxel-based action RPG with a focus on exploration. It takes place in a procedurally generated fantasy world made up entirely of cubes.
7321 | A Story About My Uncle is a first person platforming adventure game about a boy who searches for his lost uncle, and ends up in a world he couldn’t imagine existed. The movement is a crucial part of the games core gameplay – focusing on swinging through the world with a grappling hook that gives the player a wonderful sense of speed and...
7322 | Defend Billy and his crew on their way to the extraction zone! You have been authorized to use the defense system. Protect them from giant bugs, malfunctioning droids and more...
7323 | Take control of a huge mech on an alien planet! Shoot and trample the natives, avenge your brother, or forgive his killers? Join the rebels to restore peace on the exotic planet of Eldorado.
7324 | Players follow Lu Yuan through important stages of his life and experience his growth trajectory from youth to maturity. It will take you to relive those decisions that you have never tried to make in reality, and feel the different life brought about by each choice.
7325 | Cine Tracer is a realistic cinematography simulator. The player operates real world based cameras, sets up lights, and directs talent/actors in stunning next gen environments created in Unreal Engine 4.
7326 | The sequel to Shaolin vs Wutang! Shaolin vs Wutang 2 is a INDIE love letter to Martial Arts and classic Kung Fu films. Made for casual game fans not intended for Hardcore Fighting Game players.
7327 | A mockumental action game. Go forth and rock in the absolute weirdest and most messed up simulator in the history of sandbox shooters. Fully unprofessional English language version. This dub will have you in stitches.
7328 | Build and design your own fleets and stand opposed to the Particulate in this physics/strategy/RTS/fleet hybrid. Build partially destructible and self repairing ships that interact with enemies less controlled by some scripted logic and more driven by a real time massive physics particle simulation.
7329 | Multiplayer jigsaw puzzles with voice chat! Play on your own or with friends, and feel like you're all sitting around the same table. Millions of puzzle images, upload your own, or create any puzzle you can imagine just by describing it!
7330 | In Autonauts you must build, create, and automate. Start by establishing a colony, crafting bots and teaching them via Scratch-style programming to build an ever evolving autonomous paradise of agriculture, industry and enlightenment.
7331 | Tower of Mask is a thrilling survival horror in the spirit of the 80's dungeon crawlers. The most claustrophobic dungeon in modern times is yours to venture through alone. Hero, face the ancient tower where eerie masked humans prowl.
7332 | Close Combat – Last Stand Arnhem is part of Close Combat series. Its design is based on the critically acclaimed Close Combat – A Bridge Too Far, originally developed by Atomic Games, as well as the more recent Close Combat: The Longest Day.
7333 | It's time for classmating! Monsters have invaded the world of Aterra, and only a few special individuals, imbued with the power of the Star God, are equipped to fight it. Combine your Star power to make magical Star Children to boost up your forces in battle!
7334 | World-famous virtual singer Hatsune Miku invites you to join her on stage in in this VR music game! Aim for a perfect score as she sings and dances to some of her most iconic songs.
7335 | Enjoy the original story of ONE PIECE from Fuschia Village to the mysterious kingdom of Dressrosa. Will your resolution be strong enough to defeat the most dangerous pirates, including Doflamingo and many more?
7336 | Urtuk is an open world, tactical turn-based RPG in a low-fantasy setting. Guide your band of adventurers through the ruins of an ancient world. Recruit new followers, loot the corpses of your fallen foes, and do your best to survive in this harsh and unforgiving realm.
7337 | A roguelite horde-survival bullet heaven with QUINTILLIONS of bullets over QUINTILLIONS of hordes. Mix weapons with items, modify, control chaos at terminals and break through tightening waves.
7338 | A slow burn retro horror game, in which you arrive at the old lighthouse on a small island near the coast of the United States. After the previous keeper has gone missing, you need to take over his duties and watch after the light.
7339 | Experience your music collection like never before with this intense music driven arcade shooter. Each of your songs will have its own unique ebb and flow based on the music.
7340 | Design, build and manage a giant shopping center. Open shops, supermarkets, restaurants, movie theaters, bowling alleys and more. Hire and manage the best staff for the job and milk your customers for all they're worth!
7341 | Enroll in a School Plagued by Suspicions and Lies!
7342 | Millions of players worldwide have flown, built, and fought their way through Captain Forever. CF Trilogy brings Captains Forever, Successor, and Impostor to Steam with a beautiful new renderer, new modules, and a reimagined world written by acclaimed novelist Cassandra Khaw.
7343 | Start as a valet parking cars and work your way up to becoming a legendary car collector! Park customer's vehicles quickly and safely, earn tips, and expand your parking lot to build the most prestigious business in town.
7344 | You have the briefcase. Now it's after you. It's not going to stop. Be careful—it may take the form of someone else. A short horror game by NIGHT DIAL.
7345 | Cooking Craze is a fast and fun cooking game that lets you explore the cultures of the world through their delicious food! Upgrade your restaurants to serve only the best dishes and use a variety of special boosts to cook your way to victory!
7346 | Avernum is a land underground, a subterranean nation full of rogues, misfits, and brigands, struggling for survival in the monster-infested darkness. Hunt for glory, treasure, and justice in the underworld. Fight for survival, freedom, and even vengeance in the epic indie cult-classic.
7347 | Observation is a sci-fi thriller uncovering what happened to Dr. Emma Fisher, and the crew of her mission, through the lens of the station’s artificial intelligence S.A.M.
7348 | Yet again they dumped the toughest job on you. Now you are on a Shinehill Island, where you suddenly replaced one of the new residents. Explore the world, meet charming townspeople, do farming, fishing, cooking and try not to reveal yourself.
7349 | Become a master model maker in the Complete Edition of this beloved crafting simulator, featuring all DLCs. Assemble, customize and display your creations, whether you’re a veteran or a novice. Get building, and get creative!
"7350 | The game takes place in a world where public human farms are established. With the goal of becoming a ""milking worker"", you head to the farm where you are doing your internship. Can you let the big boobs cow sister into you Exclusive Nikubenki."
7351 | The hit roguelike adventure that captures all the fun of a dungeon crawl in a single deck of cards!
7352 | The complete American Revolutionary War from July 1775 to April 1783, with all units, weapons and events included on a two week turn base. The most complete strategy game made on this conflict. Fight for your ideals, and take command of America!
"7353 | ""Laser Tag Massacre"" is a narrative-driven horror game inspired by 80s slasher movies, with a PS1-style aesthetic. On Halloween night, five friends throw a party in an abandoned arcade deep in rural Campinas, Brazil. What begins as a fun game of laser tag quickly spirals into their worst nightmare."
7354 | Welcome to the frontlines of D.O.T. Defence! Build towers, muster armies, and conquer the map. Fight local matches in 1v1, 2v2, or free-for-all battles against friends and AI-controlled bots. Victory comes with the last HQ standing!
7355 | X²: The Threat is of a new generation of space simulator games, you play the role of Julian Gardna who continues the story set by X: Beyond The Frontier. The updated graphics engine gives the universe a fresher feel with newly designed ships and stations adding to the complexity of the universe.
7356 | Mine and gather resources, craft useful items, and explore a dynamic, evolving world all while fighting off the evil gods' minions and machinations in this side scrolling, action RPG. Become a Din's Champion and stop Valta's new scheme to destroy the world. Oh, and beware of exploding barrels...
7357 | Welcome to S.E.X. Z.O.N.E. ☢️, where the perilous lands near Chernobyl await! Protect a group of hot girls in your bunker, explore the irradiated Zone, gather rare artifacts, and unlock unforgettable rewards in our new adult game!
7358 | Maumau, an adventurer, found a huge treasure chest in an ancient ruin. However, she was taken into the other dimension by the girl who appeared from the treasure chest. Maumau's unique adventure to survive begins.
7359 | Arise from the dead as the 'Cursed King' in an enthralling action platformer. Wield the chains that once imprisoned you to vanquish foes and traverse your fallen kingdom. Uncover hidden areas, strategically level up, and reclaim your throne by banishing colossal bosses!
7360 | Build the ultimate bowl to leap past your ramen rivals and achieve greatness!
7361 | A crazy action-adventure platformer... In Hell.
7362 | Dragon Saga is a f2p arcade style side scrolling 3D Fantasy MMORPG set in a world of Dragons and magic. Choose one of four classes (Warrior, Mage, Thief, and Archer) and explore a rich world filled with unique monsters. Power up to unlock devastating abilities, hidden combos and hilarious effects.
7363 | You land on a frozen planet in a tiny rocket with a robot inside. Harvest and combine materials to discover new ones. Use visual programming to make the robot do the tiresome work for you. Slowly build a gang of self-sustaining robot workers and watch them terraform the planet.
7364 | Sex and the Furry Titty goes to town on the city! Experience 6 new stories with an elaborate web of branching paths. Explore each one, win match-3 challenges, and get ready for 24 hot animated VOICED sex scenes!
7365 | Over 35 levels of challenging gameplay -- Race at the speed of light, fight off computer Viruses and engage in violent digital combat.
7366 | Sex and the Furry Titty 2 offers you even sexier stories, more ladies, and more ways to get dirty with them! Experience 6 new stories with an elaborate web of branching paths. Explore each one, win match-3 challenges, and get ready for hot animated VOICED sex scenes!
7367 | Koumajou Remilia Ⅱ: Stranger's Requiem is a direct sequel to side-scrolling action game Koumajou Remilia: Scarlet Symphony, featuring characters from the Touhou Project, adored by fans around the world.
7368 | SUPER DRAGON BALL HEROES WORLD MISSION is a Tactical-Card game packed with exhilarating confrontation, deep card game strategy and a thrilling storyline taking place in the wide Dragon Ball Heroes universe!
7369 | Interstellar Space: Genesis is a turn-based space 4X strategy game in which you attempt to build a thriving galactic empire. Discover mysteries among the stars, colonize worlds, and engage enemies in tactical turn-based combat on your journey to becoming the ruler of the galaxy!
7370 | Fraymakers is the ultimate customizable platform fighting game, featuring a cast of some of indie gaming's biggest icons. Duke it out with up to 4 players and call on assists to help out in the heat of battle. Create and play custom characters, stages, modes, and more for infinite fun!
"7371 | Fantasy and reality collide in Changeling Tale, a story-rich visual novel about finding one's ""true"" self... and true love! Help a young man returning from war rebuild his life, kindle new romances, and reveal a secret that will forever transform the lives of those closest to him—literally!"
7372 | HEAVEN WILL BE MINE is a visual novel about making terrible life decisions in the midst of a hot-blooded battle between giant robots. Select one of three terribly behaved girls to fight and/or make out with each other in their struggle for the fate of space.
"7373 | Love-suspense AVG with the theme of ""The Peach Blossom Spring"". The equinox flowers, bloom for one thousand years and wither for one thousand years. Eternal paradise. Do you choose to stay here, escape here, or bury everything here?"
7374 | 'BlazBlue: Chronophantasma Extend' is the sixth installment of the BlazBlue series, a combination of 2D fighting action game and visual novel.
7375 | Catch 200+ real life bugs in this chill 8-bit cozy creature collector. You’ve bought the local bug zoo, abandoned after a mysterious robbery. Catch bugs that make jokes and puns, fill orders, build your collection, upgrade skills and equipment, and try to solve the Great Bug Heist.
7376 | A dynamic NSFW runner with parkour elements, where sex scenes are built into the gameplay. Race ahead, leap over obstacles, collect baskets, and chain combos in NSFW scenes to score points and rise to the top of the leaderboards.
"7377 | During lunch one day, Toomi Yuna meets two ""Kindred Spirits"" on the roof of her school. When they insist she help them nurture young love, Yuna finds herself playing ""yuri cupid"" to six unique and adorable couples. Can she remain aloof or will the promise of a ""yuritopia"" reach her too?"
7378 | Dodge ‘n flap your wings in this new arcade extravaganza from The Behemoth! In BEHEMOTH™, you become one with the chicken to secure your flock in the nest and collect as much candy corn as possible!
7379 | A turn-based strategy game where you lead a secret society towards world domination. Investigate the influential and convert them to your faction via bribery, seduction and intimidation. Reshape society's power structures to fend off rival societies and the world's nations in your quest for power.
7380 | My Lovely Wife delves into the depths of a man’s grief after the sudden death of his beloved wife. Explore the notions of one’s willingness to do anything for love and the importance of letting go in this mix of dating, management, and alchemy simulators.
7381 | Panelka is a nostalgic, relaxing game where you immerse yourself in the atmosphere of the post-Soviet era. Create your cozy apartment or garage with that familiar, warm interior from your childhood. You have a wide selection of furniture and many other interior details at your disposal.
7382 | Decisive Campaigns: Ardennes Offensive is the fourth wargame in the Decisive Campaign series. Covering the battles in the Ardennes between December 1944 and January 1945, it brings to life Operational wargaming by lowering the scale to just above tactical level.
7383 | Diesel Legacy is a 2v2 fighting game where four players battle on the same stage at the same time. This unique twist on the traditional fighting game formula adds an entirely new layer of strategy where cooperation will become the key to success.
7384 | Pure adrenaline of non-stop action in Single Player, Online Co-op and Multiplayer. Double the pleasure and mayhem with new multiplayer DLCs! (click for details)
7385 | Experience a realistic pharmacy management experience with Pharmacy Simulator. Set up your shop, decorate it as you wish, and purchase over a hundred types of medications. Pharmacy Simulator offers you an incredibly realistic pharmacy experience. Prove your skills in a challenging economic system.
7386 | It's one year after the collapse of civilization and self-centered hedge fund manager Joe Wheeler emerges from his specially constructed bunker in search of food. This is a huge open-world RPG where you have the freedom to play how you want - but your choices have consequences.
7387 | You slump into your chair after another day of investigations. Just as you start to lose yourself in the glow of the TV screen, the telephone rings. The museum curator needs your help - a tourist has gone missing. You smirk at his warning of paranormal goings-on; that's what Demon Hunters are for.
7388 | Take control and operate the Goddess Airi to defeat the oncoming attacks by the dead and rescue the Fairies taken by the Evil Sorcerer. The Goddess is strong, but watch out for when the enemy catches her! 2D action game loaded with character animations, exhilarating and easy to use combo moves!
7389 | Rise of Liberty is a FPS single-player massive Revolutionary War battle simulator. Fire deafening cannons into the thick of the battle, stand in line formation and fire devastating volleys into the enemy. Gather your men for these monumental battles and defeat the enemy!
7390 | Hitler is my Crush is an absurd adventure in which you will plunge into the world of black humor and satire. You have to take on the role of a girl who is in love with Hitler and does not want to share him, and go on an absurd journey with Hitler, who is captured by saboteurs.
7391 | In this roguelike wargame, take command of a tank and its crew in the Second World War, joining one of over 50 campaigns across Europe, North Africa, Southeast Asia, and the Pacific. Fight with and against over 800 historically-based unit types, where each day is a struggle for survival.
7392 | Easy to learn, tough to master! Challenge friends and family in local multiplayer or compete globally via online matchmaking. Built for all ages, this puzzle game comes with a surprisingly competitive edge.
7393 | A highly customizable virtual stressball and physics sandbox about mutilating ragdolls in various ways using an overwhelming amount of weapons and tools.
7394 | 'Death Coming' is a non-linear puzzle game where you must harvest human souls ‘Final Destination’ style. However, pesky mortals are not your only problem, as the Agents of Light will do everything they can to stop you.
"7395 | Our ""Platinum Edition"" bundle provides fantastic value for new or existing customers. Expand your Trainz collection with a huge range of additional routes, sessions, locos and rolling stock, all at 75% off the regular pricing."
7396 | This is a casual game. The girl in the game has different CGs and a variety of costume props. There are two different forms on the cute girl. The secret hidden on the girl is waiting for you to discover.
7397 | Run a diner on the last island in the world after the destruction of humankind! For the cute animals and robots that survived, cook delicious food, run a farm, explore the forest, and create the best diner!
7398 | Hold on fast to the handlebar of your bike because a new chapter of the series has finally arrived. Try Monster Energy Supercross - The Official Videogame 5 and discover the quintessence of indoor supercross!
7399 | Enlist in an intense brand of Axis vs. Allied teamplay set in the WWII European Theatre of Operations. Players assume the role of light/assault/heavy infantry, sniper or machine-gunner class, each with a unique arsenal of historical weaponry at their disposal. Missions are based on key historical operations.
7400 | Get ready for the future of footy with AFL 26. Feel every hit, hear every roar, and live every moment with unmatched authenticity and intensity.
7401 | Enjoy a fast and frantic arcade shmup from Triangle Service! Attack in all directions and rack up the multipliers - do you have XIIZEAL?
7402 | There are rumours going around the human villages that males who never saw action and stayed virgin until they are thirty years old and yet keep watching others go at it is destined to be a wizard. Strategy game where you build a brothel inside the goblin's burrow and manage the slaves.
7403 | Monstrous Love contains three adult short stories, focusing on women discovering their sexuality and freedom with gentle yet ferocious monsters. Be seduced by a world of love, sex, and claws in this sex-positive gaming experience!
7404 | 'Jesus Christ Simulator' is a new take on the 'Superhero Simulator' game genre. You are tasked by God your Father with fixing the broken system that humans now live in. Armed with Unlimited Miracles, Flight & Superpowers, you will change the world and help its people. You are THE Ultimate Superhero!
7405 | You've landed a job at the Resting Bean Cafe & Inn! Friendly coworkers in cute uniforms, great pay-- It's like a dream come true! However, appearances can sometimes be deceiving... You quickly discover that the Resting Bean has its share of secrets.
7406 | A gay superhero visual novel! The Lone Wolf Mister Versatile thinks super teams are a pain in the ass, but four super-hotties have decided they want to watch his back anyway! Date a villain, a rookie, a symbiote, and a superman-ish alien. Loaded with explicit CGs.
7407 | In this city built upon the ideal coexistence of civilization and the environment, Tennouji Kotarou spends his days with his friends, Kanbe Kotori and Yoshino Haruhiko. In this peaceful city, a tumultuous event shakes the foundations of Kazamatsuri once a year.
7408 | Twinsen's Little Big Adventure is a retro action-adventure game originally released in 1994. Equipped with your Magicball, you will have to face the evil Dr. Funfrock to save your girlfriend and the world of Twinsun.
7409 | It all started with a simple robbery. When that thread was pulled, a tapestry of mysteries was revealed. Solve cases and outsmart criminals in a detective story full of lies, confessions, and maybe even a murder or two.
7410 | The evil I.N.K.T. Corporation has declared 'Color is a Crime!' and leeched Chroma City of all its beauty and interest. The race to rescue Chroma City has just begun, and only de Blob can save the world from a black-and-white future with his unique abilities to color the world back to life.
7411 | Searching for the demon beast that branded her, the huntress Azel reaches the front line of the battle between humans and monsters. She has arrived at the remote land which some call the Harbor of Disasters, Niplheim...
7412 | You’re a werewolf. You’re in a city, infested with witches, hunters, ghosts, and vampires. That’s how this story starts. You decide how it ends.
7413 | Assume duties of a soldier involved in numerous battles and skirmishes with fast advancing German war machine. Go to battle on foot, driving armored vehicles, or flying an airplane. Use weapons not featured in any other game and feel a good, nostalgic climate of the production like MOHAA or COD.
7414 | Combining an atmospheric, psychological thriller narrative with paranormal psychic abilities, stealthy exploration and intense shooter action, Second Sight brings a new dimension to stealth action games, giving players control of a character endowed with incredible psychic abilities.
7415 | Get in, get the goods, get out. What could possibly go wrong? In this single-player, story-driven cyberpunk RPG, play as Alexandra - a street-smart thief on the run after a failed heist. Put together a team of unusual allies, pull off thrilling heists, and fight and hack using your deck of cards.
7416 | The Pavura needs four volunteers to solve the mystery of an abandoned village. Answer the call in this party-based action adventure RPG.
7417 | Bronzebeard's Tavern is a goofy and playful restaurant manager sim where 1-8 players can work as a team with multiplayer co-op. Fulfill a number of different roles, serve a diverse range of customers and cook up delicious dwarven cuisine.
7418 | Deep Space Cache is a short & simple semi-idle bullet heaven incremental asteroid miner game.
7419 | Command, endure, and prosper in The Iron Oath, a turn-based tactical RPG where the fate of your mercenary company rests on your decisions. Customize your roster, build your renown, and discover the secrets that await in the medieval fantasy realm of Caelum.
7420 | Become a Gazillionaire by starting a tiny trading company and building a business empire!
7421 | Hidden Cats in Tokyo is a hidden object adventure game where you must vaccinate all the cats in Tokyo before they turn into dangerous monsters. Collect cards of heroes, monsters, and cat things. Join the adventure and fight the huge monster with your giant robot in this fun hidden object game!
7422 | The Game That Revolutionized the Racing Genre.
7423 | In Myst IV: Revelation, the next chapter in the greatest adventure saga of all time, you'll travel through environments pulsing with life to unearth a treacherous scheme involving two of Myst's most sinister villains.
7424 | The Pinnacle of Mutant Blasting Action Is Here! — Blaster Master Zero 3's hybrid of sidescrolling and top-down action is back for its 3rd chapter, and more intense than ever before!
7425 | A World War II Turn-based Tactical Wargame crafted with passion and care for history and strategy enthusiasts alike.
7426 | Home Behind 2 is a Roguelike RPG which set in Scaria, a country engulfed in a ten-year civil war. Lead a patchwork group of revolutionary fighters into the depths of the government's territory as you struggle to overthrow a brutal authoritarian regime!
7427 | Chelsea and Melissa are back together, on Earth. Their inheritance needs to be invested wisely, so Chelsea decides to buy a small hotel. She finds the property she needs through an agency and goes with her sister to inspect it.
7428 | A Gay Prison Visual Novel Dating Sim! Earthling Miguel Santos has been sentenced to life at Alpha Hole, a notorious space prison. His survival depends on using his charms to convince a powerful ally to protect him. A gigantic seven route hardcore gay dating sim loaded with animated scenes!
7429 | Night Bus is a thrilling public transit simulator that costs less than a bus ticket! It's your first night on the job: Pick up passengers, take their fares, enjoy the beautiful countryside, and please ignore That Which Has No Eyes.
7430 | Epistory immerses you in an atmospheric action/adventure game where you play a girl riding a giant fox who fights an insectile corruption from an origami world. As you progress and explore this world, the story literally unfolds and the mysteries of the magic power of the words are revealed.
7431 | The Children of Clay is a short stop motion archeology horror game, where you have to study an ancient artefact and discover its dark secret.
7432 | Build an underground network of caves in this fantasy-themed management sim.
7433 | GARBANZO QUEST! The crazy bullet-heck platformer where your main weapon is your own spit! Bring a friend! Hand-crafted challenges, secrets, and branching paths galore!
7434 | The largest amphibious operation of WW2, and a two-month campaign in the hell of the Norman bocage. Will you manage to make the decisive breakthrough before the Germans recover? Or will you succeed, as Rommel wanted, in crushing the Allied landing as close to the beaches as possible?
7435 | Hanako’s Flower Shop is a heartfelt visual novel where you run a flower shop, crafting bouquets using the language of flowers. Listen to customers’ stories, shape Hanako’s journey through choices, and navigate her struggle to honor her grandpa’s legacy while discovering her own path.
7436 | Imagine taking the perfect online gaming experience and one of the most popular Worms games ever made, adding a touch of Steam achievements, leaderboards, cloud saves, full controller support; a little sprinkle of 1080 / 60FPS, and you have Worms World Party Remastered!
"7437 | ""Figure Adventure"" is a trendy game with the theme of hand-made figures, which integrates card cultivation and placement and hang-up gameplay!"
7438 | League of Maidens® is a Single Player FREE TO PLAY online action RPG game featuring beautiful maidens with guns and super powers by the indie studio Maiden Gaming. Features: Questing, Battle Modes, Customization, Posing & Sharing Characters, Poses, Scenes & 4K Photos with fellow players.
"7439 | How 2 Escape is an escape-simulation game where two players will need to cooperate on asymmetrical gameplay and devices. ""Talk together. Help each other."" will be your new motto to survive in How 2 Escape."
7440 | Build a formidable factory and go dungeoning alone or with friends. Solve logic puzzles and automate resource collection and crafting, or venture into dungeons filled with dangers and rewards. Find your own ideal gameplay balance, as any unique path will advance the story!
7441 | The ultimate wargame set in the age of Pike and Shot is back. You are now in full charge of your nation’s armies, throughout a long campaign in the struggle for dominance.
7442 | Unique fusion of a top-down shooter and tower defense strategy. You are the invader! Use destructive weapons or lead your enemies into a maze of towers. Strategize in the build mode by carefully selecting various types of alien towers or throw yourself right into the heat of the battle.
7443 | Submerged is a third-person combat-free game in which you explore a mysterious flooded city and discover the beauty of desolation in vast outdoor environments. You take on the role of Miku, a young girl who has brought her wounded brother to the city in their small fishing boat.
7444 | My Lands is a free online RTS where dark and light forces fight for Black Gem and dominion in a vast fantasy world. Cooperation between players, joint economy development, creation of clans and alliances and elaboration of a team strategy serve as the very foundation of the game.
7445 | Close Combat 2: A Bridge Too Far challenges you to take control of five strategic bridges in the most dramatic battle of World War II. From war-room strategy to gritty trench combat, battlefields come to life as you command Allied or Axis powers. It's a fight where every second counts.
7446 | Hellpoint is an intense action RPG taking place on Irid Novo, a derelict space station soaked in an intoxicating dark sci fi atmosphere. Fight dreadful creatures, face the Cosmic Gods and unravel their twisted story. Should the challenge be too great, play with a friend in local or online coop.
7447 | Master the gibbon’s art of movement with a unique moveset that lets you swing, slide and somersault through a lush jungle canopy, and experience a free-flowing story of family and survival as you search for a home that may be lost forever.
7448 | Imagination is the key, as you enter a magical storybook full of mystery and wonder, unusual creatures, and enigmatic puzzles! Create your own original Stickman and then watch it come to life in DRAW A STICKMAN: EPIC 2! Jump in to this action-packed adventure that allows for endless creativity!
7449 | Crying Suns is a tactical rogue-lite that puts you in the role of a space fleet commander as you explore a mysteriously fallen empire. In this story rich experience inspired by Dune and Foundation, each successful run will uncover the truth about the Empire... and yourself as well.
7450 | 171 is an open world action adventure game with a Brazilian inspired ambience.
7451 | Psychonauts in the Rhombus of Ruin is an all-new Virtual Reality adventure that takes players back into the mysterious and paranormal world of the Psychonauts for the first time in over ten years!
7452 | Once a porn a time 2, is an adventure style visual novel with high-quality animations, Oriental Princesses, Romances and other strange creatures that you have to bang.
7453 | Tensions were growing on the border of Slaviya. Secret service of Primorye put subversive activities on a wide scale confronted by Federal Security Service (FSS) of Russian Federation. FSS receives information that one of FSS agents was over-recruited by Secret service of Primorye.
7454 | DEEMO -Reborn- is Rayark's classic game DEEMO, reborn in a whole new way on Steam. The fully 3D immersive journey will intoxicate you with the elegant sounds produced by you on the piano, as well as with the adventures you discover in this fairytale world.
7455 | Redo is a world without sorrow created by the virtuadoll Regret. Virtuadoll songs give Redo residents respite from their struggles. Our protagonists discover the truth and form the Go-Home Club to return to reality. Make your way home with companions bearing heavy burdens in this school-themed RPG.
7456 | In the shadow of a massive earthquake, you must brave a destroyed city where your choices will determine who survives.
7457 | An epic deckbuilding RPG inspired by old-school classics like Ultima and D&D, using modern gaming concepts like roguelite elements and turnbased strategic combat. Lead and nurture parties of heroes. Forge bonds and discover new skills among them. Guide them to unravel the curses laid upon the lands.
7458 | Jump, burrow, and tail swipe your way to victory in this love letter to classic 3D platformers!
7459 | Hodgepodge Hunch is a who-done-it game where everyone chips in to make a hotpot dish. Collaborate with your buddies to collect ingredients in the dungeons and whip up a delicious feast. There's just one problem... A backstabber may be lurking among you who'll throw your dinner plans awry...
7460 | Imagine DayZ mixed with Escape From Tarkov, but in Low Poly. A persistent world survival game featuring PvP, PvE, crafting, base-building, and zombies infected with a contagious virus.
7461 | Turn-based kingdom management simulator focused on decision-making. Will you survive and lead the kingdom to prosperity, or die in agony? The throne awaits.
7462 | Defenders 2, - an exciting hybrid of Tower Defense and CCG, - is now available on Steam! Challenge endless hordes of monsters: build an impassable defense on their path and protect your mines. Collect all the unique towers and prove that even a tornado is not an obstacle for you.
7463 | Pioneer a living world full of warmth, heroism, and mystery. Help a small group of settlers build a home for themselves in a forgotten land. Establish a food supply, build shelter, defend your people, monitor their moods, and find a way to grow and expand, facing challenges at every step.
7464 | Design your own skyscraper with more than 100 Floors. Rent offices, apartments or shops and build a financially lucrative skyscraper. Build cinemas, bars or a theater to satisfy your visitors and create an effective transport system with elevators and stairs.
7465 | Otome × Death Game × Mild Horror Multiple Endings Puzzle RPG
7466 | So you're a villain now? Let's see if you survive the experience.
"7467 | ""Whoa, watch out!"" That was close, didn't you know Dokimon are dangerous!?ーStep into Xelos region, where you'll set off on an adventure to uncover the mystery behind your missing childhood friend."
7468 | Help Fireboy and Watergirl explore the 7 Elemental temples!
7469 | Save Lives! When disaster strikes it all comes down to you! Take command of firefighters, doctors and more in this EMERGENCY Classics re-release of EMERGENCY 2. Now playable on modern operating systems!
7470 | The first intense conflict of the Cold War, this war is very often forgotten, its very rapid and dynamic but unknown aspect obliterated by months of stagnation following the first year of operations in Korea. Can you make it remembered?
7471 | It's 3am and you just want to get some sleep. Welcome back to Party Hard! Stop parties using hundreds of new ways, incidentally destroy a drug syndicate, and save the Earth from an alien invasion. May the chickens be with you!
7472 | Bounty: Drag Racing is the most complete online drag racing experience on the market. Race the fastest and most varied types of dragsters in the world. Customize and fine tune your cars to achieve maximum performance and hop online for the closest type of racing!
7473 | A game of crowds.
7474 | Explore a decaying industrial world left behind in humanity's never-ending race to conquer the stars. Beneath its iron skies, desperate souls kill and steal for passage to the still-plentiful frontier worlds. Sink or swim in this high-octane first-person shooter with immersive sim elements.
7475 | You are a lone Ukrainian military drone operator battling Russian occupation forces. Hidden deep behind enemy lines, you operate your drone to seek and destroy tanks and armored vehicles, shatter communication lines, and recover stolen goods. Slava Ukraini!
7476 | Ghost Recon takes the next step in battlefield realism with Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon™: Island Thunder™. Cuba, 2009: Castro is dead, and the first free Cuban elections in decades are thrown into turmoil by a drug-funded warlord. The Ghosts, an elite team of U.S.
7477 | Grim spectres, howling banshees, and sly gremlins are yours to command as you unleash ghastly spirits on the town of Gravenville and scare the wits out of its citizens. In the world of the Ghost Master, spooks do your bidding, as you solve puzzles and unlock mysteries in a challenge that combines the best of strategy, adventure, and...
7478 | Total Miner is an open world voxel sandbox game. It is primarily designed for creative RPG game builders, but also has two action/adventure style game modes where you can just jump in and play.
7479 | This is an 18+banned maid cafe simulation management game. The game controls the protagonist's movements through the directional keys on the keyboard or the left mouse button, and interacts with the scene through the space bar. You will play the role of a maid cafe manager, managing a cafe.
"7480 | Koihime Enbu RyoRaiRai is a comprehensive rebalance of the popular fighter Koihime Enbu, featuring 14 playable characters, with “Chōryō” and ""assist"" character “Kaku” joining their rivals on the battlefield for the first time!"
7481 | You like top-down-shooter with a film-noir singleplayer campaign, challenging fights against zombies and monsters, gory splatter effects and destructible level environments? Fight your way through an apocalyptic city in the single player story mode, and test your skills in the survival mode.
7482 | Europa Universalis III Complete includes the original Europa Universalis III as well as the expansions In Nomine and Napoleons Ambition Europa Universalis III delves deeply into the areas of exploration, trade, warfare and diplomacy.
7483 | CLeM is a narrative-driven puzzle adventure game with a dark twist. Wake up in a world where puzzles intertwine with exploration, weaving a unique narrative rooted in alchemy. A voice awakens you. It gives you purpose. To guide you, you find a notebook with mysterious entries and a house to explore.
7484 | This fantasy visual novel tells you a fun and erotic coming-of-age story in which you can make choices that change the way you get involved with different characters, allowing you to build relationships with beautiful women and watch lots of sex scenes!
7485 | A handcrafted open-world platformer set in a world built by Mushrooms! Explore different locations filled with secrets, acquire new abilities and use those abilities to reach new places!
7486 | Enter the world of Drawn, and unravel the secrets of the Painted Tower. Overcome challenging puzzles on your quest to save Iris. A curse has locked each floor of the tower, and only the most creative adventurer can find a way through.
7487 | An unexpected storm has left you shipwrecked on a mysterious and remote private island. Seek & find cleverly hidden objects and solve puzzles to find a way off the island! Find over 2100 hidden objects in 25 intriguing and mysterious locations to find items that will help you escape!
7488 | Curse Crackers is a fast-paced acrobatic platformer where you bounce, vault, and fight your way through a whimsical world with the help of your loyal companion. Eat snacks, collect items, and travel the world to stop Bonnie and her band of troublemakers!
7489 | Diner Bros is a cooking and restaurant management game. Cook and serve meals as fast as you can, but don’t get the orders wrong or else your customers will get angry – and hungry! Upgrade your restaurant and hire staff to help you… or play with your friends in 2-4 local co-op!
7490 | Live the experience of being a powerful god and create the world to see the growth of mankind.
7491 | A relaxing puzzle game in which you explore 3D dioramas, solve puzzles and save cats lost in time! Crazy, right?!
7492 | Welcome to the magical world of Runaria! Explore dungeons, chop trees, mine rocks, and discover hidden treasure! Merge identical items to create valuable resources, Craft new tools and upgrade them with powerful enchantments! Setup passive mining drills and tree farms to rebuild your camp!
7493 | Detective Grimoire has been called to investigate a murder. The owner of a small tourist attraction, seemingly killed by the mythical creature his attraction is based around... Explore the area, inspect the crime scene, grill suspects, solve puzzles, hunt for clues & uncover the secret of the swamp!
7494 | Mutants and monsters unleash maniacal carnage on the gridiron in this crazy gore fest of arcade-style football. Packed full of humor, intense online multiplayer action, and strategy.
7495 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
7496 | A simple 2D action game centered on themes of masochistic tendencies, yearning for death, as well as despair at being attacked by terrifying beings.
7497 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
7498 | Cyberpunk first-person shooter with a rich story and RPG elements. You are Lucy, an enhanced street samurai searching for lost memories. Fight in large, open, interactive levels overtaken by yakuza, zombies, robots and bosses!
7499 | A legendary arcade game developed by Dimps in 2005. This fighting game gained popularity for its smooth visuals powered by S.M.A as well as the high level of strategy driven by its 2-gauge system. And with the addition of new current-gen features it's even easier to play.
7500 | An originally designed puzzle game inspired by chess. Move the pieces and create a path to Unlock the King.
7501 | A fantasy gladiator strategy RPG with vibrant characters, funny random events, team management mechanics, and emergent relationship-building. Uncover a sinister conspiracy; fight deep turn-based tactical battles; watch your characters grow together!
7502 | Step inside the Fruit Ninja universe and experience a slice of virtual reality like never before. Play Fruit Ninja VR now!
7503 | SNKRX is an arcade shooter roguelite where you control a snake of heroes that automatically attack nearby enemies. Combine different heroes to unlock class bonuses and create unique builds, and steer your unstoppable party as they ravage through endless waves of enemies.
7504 | The loveable birds of Hatoful Boyfriend are back in the remastered holiday-themed sequel Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star!
7505 | Experience with TramSim the most modern tram simulator, which impresses with photo-realistic graphics and as first location the Austrian capital Vienna in a virtual reality that has never been seen before.
7506 | You're 25, you feel like all of your peers are ahead of you in life so you apply for a new job to try to find some sort of meaning. Your new career is filled with physics-based puzzles, hand drawn art & a cute little story.
7507 | In Bad Guys at School you can play as students and revolt against school system by completing missions, or decide to become a teacher that must maintain order despite the violence and brutality in the school.
7508 | Manage your cleaning store where you clean and polish every last smudge of dirt. Use the profits to upgrade your supplies and keep everything clean.
7509 | All professions are important, all professions are needed! Explore a world of crafts, each with a place for cats. Find them and the world will be colored!
7510 | The year is 1983. The world teeters on the verge of destruction as the Cold War tightens its icy grip. East or West: trust no one, question everything. The fate of humanity rests in your hands as you pit spy versus spy in tactical Phantom Doctrine.
7511 | From a small village of a dozen people to a small kingdom of thousands of people. Arrange for residents to work, gathering, fishing and hunting, farming and mining, processing and manufacturing. Trade, accumulate supplies, increase your strength, and fight evil forces and monsters.
7512 | Dread Templar is a fast-paced hardcore old-school FPS, combining classic 90s shooter and modern FPS elements. Unlock and combine dozens of weapon upgrades and skills, embrace the Dread Force and obliterate hordes of fiendish enemies. Become the scariest thing in hell and get your revenge!
7513 | Sheltered is a deep and emotional survival management game. You take on the role of protecting four family members who, after a global apocalypse, have found their way to a deserted shelter.
7514 | As a young college student, you live a mostly mundane life of studying, working and hanging out. However, that all changes when a new girl moves in next door. With her arrival, you start to spend your free time very differently, resulting in many dramatic and interesting twists and turns.
7515 | A frantic online Battle Royale set on a destructible, sinking Island. Fire rockets from your custom robo-tank to eliminate the competition using advanced tactics and powerful weapons.
7516 | Tactical RPG about 5 stunt actors who decide to quit their jobs and start their own Power Rangers-inspired TV show! Cast actors, upgrade your studio, craft Mechas of cardboard and duct tape. Once the cameras are rolling, control your cast of 5 colored-jumpsuit-clad warriors in turn-based battles.
7517 | A roguelike deckbuilding tactics game that combines elements from 'Slay the Spire' and 'Into the Breach'. Play as a gladiator to survive. With roguelike deckbuilding and hex-based tactics, no longer bound by simple attack and defense. Make use of dodges and knockbacks to stay alive!
7518 | A retro, pixel art style adventure in New York, inspired by ’80s cop shows. You are Jack Kelly and you’ve been framed for murder. Now as a regular beat cop you have to find out, who did that. Expect thick crime story, a lot of black humour and all the other things you can find on the streets of Brooklyn.
7519 | Lunar's chosen introduced a world of magic, danger, romance and sex. With a whole host of changes and improvements, animations and HD renders, the story continues in Lunar's Chosen Episode 2!
7520 | Unravel a real conspiracy from deep within the CIA’s archives. Search classified documents and follow new leads in this non-linear investigative thriller.
7521 | Claire's 8-year-old brother is missing. While looking for him during a search party, she finds herself completely lost and alone in the woods. She eventually spots a strange house in the distance... could Daniel be inside?
7522 | Merging the smash hit indie game The Escapists with the world wide phenomenon that is The Walking Dead, Team17 have taken the very best of both worlds and are now providing players with the opportunity to play Rick Grimes as he takes on hordes of zombies let loose upon the world.
7523 | A nameless hero becomes a legend! Myrtana, a world in upheaval: overrun by orcs from the dark lands in the north, King Rhobar is defending Vengard, the former stronghold of the humans, with his last troop of followers.
7524 | Get injected into the microscopic world of BioGun. Face viral threats and winding corridors on your mission to save man’s best friend from the inside. Will you save dog-kind from extinction?
7525 | Grapples Galore is a fast-paced online multiplayer arena shooter with physics-based grappling hook movement, active ragdolls, and thrilling gunplay.
7526 | You can’t run from your dreams in this unsettling classic point-and-click horror game from award-winning indie developer scriptwelder. To find a way out, you’ll have to go even deeper into your nightmares.
7527 | Bright Memory is a lightning-fast fusion of the FPS and action genres, created by one-man development studio FYQD using Unreal Engine. Combine a wide variety of skills and abilities to unleash dazzling combo attacks.
7528 | A mysterious agent, capable of becoming a digital ghost, sneaks aboard the Nakamura Space Station. This is where the fun begins: the station is well-protected with its heavy defences, never-ending arsenal of weapons, and mysterious artifacts. It will all have to be destroyed.
7529 | A truly global cricket simulation from Big Ant Studios, the leading name in authentic, realistic cricket action, Cricket 19 allows you to take control of your team, from club through national level, and lead them to T20, ODI, or Test Match glory.
7530 | As the lord of the city, will you stick to your faith to resist hard, or choose to surrender to desire? Is it the dawn of hope or the end of despair? In such a tottering city, your choices will determine Celine's fate ——
7531 | A relaxing Retrowave stylized maze game that increases the difficulty as you progress through the levels. RetroMaze has 30 levels and a beautiful visual concept, as well as an exciting soundtrack.
7532 | Look for hidden cats, raccoons, other animals and objects, color this painted world. You have to go on an exciting journey through different levels. More than 1500 items of varying difficulty are waiting for you!
7533 | Lantern City is on the verge of disaster: the Goddess Simurgh has been kidnapped by the evil Scientist! 30 Birds is a narrative puzzle game laid out on the surface of rotating lanterns. Wander through a gorgeous world inspired by Persian art, meet quirky birds, and solve puzzles to rescue Simurgh.
7534 | METAL GEAR SURVIVE builds upon MGSV’s stealth action gameplay with elements of exploration and survival creating a bold new experience. *An internet connection is required to play the game.
7535 | Delve with Shovel Knight into the depths of the Pocket Dungeon in an action-packed puzzle adventure mashup like none other!
7536 | Arriving on a curious planet, Vix and her toolbox Tin explore space, fixing machines with unconventional tools and eating cozy meals with kind robot locals. On an epic adventure, the duo repairs an interstellar beacon, constructs giant mechs, and unravels a cosmic mystery that transcends existence.
7537 | In this 2D puzzle game, you have the responsibility to arrange your avian friends in a way that fits the grid. Birds Organized Neatly comes with 80 different handcrafted levels and a whole bunch of birds in all shapes and sizes.
7538 | Your heroes and your armies will need strong leadership to take them on a spellbinding odyssey that has everything a gamer’s heart could wish for breathtaking worlds in space, battles against cunning enemies and even downright treason from your own government faction - are you up to it?
7539 | Everybody wants to rule the world! Achieve global power with EVIL GENIUS, the one and only complete world domination simulator. All the everyday tasks of the deliciously wicked mastermind are available to experience and master from building your ultra-secret base to developing spectacular super-weapons to carry out your nefarious master...
7540 | Take a trip down memory lane and relive the magical times of the Nintendo Entertainment System with a collection of Namco’s hits and long-lost treasures in Namco Museum Archives Volume 1.
7541 | Nameless ~The one thing you must recall~ is a visual novel game designed for female audiences. It was distributed by the publisher, Cheritz, in English, Korean, and Japanese on Nov. 11th, 2013 and now it is available on Steam.
7542 | Dooms Hair Salon is a comedy simulation game about running a hair salon in a chaotic town. Survive by operating the salon alone or with friends!
7543 | Grand Mountain Adventure: Wonderlands lets you explore freely and at your pace entire ski resorts and the surrounding mountains. Unlock ski lifts and reach new areas by competing in challenges, or enjoy the scenery while you find your own path down the mountains.
7544 | Röki is a stunning adventure set in the snowcapped wilderness. As Tove, you must explore an uncharted world of hidden legends and forgotten monsters. Solve puzzles, collect curiosities, and uncover a tale of tragic loss, as you chart your path to redemption.
7545 | Faced with the cruel and harsh reality of homelessness, you seek out affordable housing in your area. Luckily, it seems you've found the perfect rental, but something is very off about your landlord...
7546 | Mewseum: Masterpieces is a shikaku-style puzzle game where each solved grid reveals part of a great masterpiece. Solve hundreds of puzzles and discover unique paintings in the latest art exhibition of the feline world!
7547 | Unravel the mystery in this cute psychological horror VN, set deep in the woods of the Tatras Mountains. Will you wind up on the chopping block?
7548 | If possible, would you like to go back to ancient times to start a factory, refine oil, or even build a large computer? With the accidental fall of a meteorite, you traveled back to River Town a thousand years ago and became a workshop owner. And the story will begin from here……
7549 | Onirism will take you in the wonderful world of Crearia for a big adventure! Help Carol put her enemies to sleep, using a variety of toys and abilities to aid you in your quest to find Bunbun in this colorful universe!
"7550 | Join Jason, Eve, and Fred on an intergalactic journey! The side-scrolling/top-down hybrid action adventure title ""Blaster Master Zero"" returns with its long-awaited sequel! Experience the yet-untold story of Jason and Eve after defeating Earth's mutant scourge in ""Blaster Master Zero""."
7551 | A top-down detective adventure with point-and-click mechanics, inspired by classic Game Boy games. Follow Waffles in his first days as an inspector who wants to prove to everyone that he is more than just a rookie. But beware… Your future worst enemy is hiding in the shadows.
7552 | Curated Sudoku puzzles from YouTube's most popular Sudoku channel, Cracking the Cryptic!
7553 | Mutant Football League 2 is a hard-hitting, arcade-style football game that combines intense gameplay, wisecracking mutants, weapons, deep strategy, and outrageous humor. Prepare yourself for the most insanely brutal football you’ll ever experience.
7554 | Guide a group of rectangles through a series of obstacles, using their different skills together to get to the end of each environment.
7555 | Experience a blast from the past with the complete, completely twisted Space Quest Collection.
7556 | The dungeon is dangerous and deep, but with the right party, you can conquer every nook and cranny. Find loot, equip your party, and customize your classes to master the turn-based RPG combat in this old-school dungeon crawler!
7557 | Online FPS game, near future background, Resource Warfare between Military Forces and PMC. More than 50 kinds of original weapons with customization option. Use Peripheral objects, Tactical drones, Active objects to experience dynamic warfare.
7558 | Vacuum Warrior is a Free to Play incremental idle game. Listen to the crisp crackle of dust and debris entering your vacuum as you vacuum ridiculous amounts of dust. Upgrade your vacuums, idle gains, and robot vacuums, earn achievements, and explore numerous locations in the Vacuum Warrior universe!
7559 | The most complete and authentic official WRC simulation yet. New physics for all surfaces, a completely redesigned career mode, dynamic weather conditions, 50 teams, 14 countries, 100 tracks, weekly challenges and an eSports mode…
7560 | On the desolate moon of Lorian, a long-dormant Deadsuit awakens from slumber. Journey beneath the surface on an atmospheric 2D adventure of self-discovery, ancient mysteries, and cosmic terror. Explore winding caverns and acquire new abilities to unearth this alien world’s long-buried secrets.
7561 | Take charge of a WW1 field hospital on the Western Front, and make all the decisions necessary to help the soldiers recover and to support the war effort. In this narrative management game, you are the last bastion of humanity.
7562 | Rumors surrounding the history of stately Ravenhearst Manor have circulated for decades. The recently acquired diary of Emma Ravenhearst may hold the key to unraveling the tale behind this unsettling place, yet the pages are missing.
7563 | Zombie singleplayer shooter in modern polygon graphics with rich RPG elements.
7564 | Sorry, We're Open is a Supermarket Management Horror RPG. As the new Manager of your local supermarket, you'll need to make the hard decisions to keep the store running. Remember, your store's reputation and your employees' livelihoods are in your hands.
7565 | The Karaoke | ヒトカラ is a Japanese horror game about a high school girl at a Karaoke.
7566 | This game is a 3D open world survival exploration game that survives in the Korea Dynasty. Players Begin with slaves, change their status in Joseon, survive, and escape. Once free, travel around the country, explore hundreds of ruins, hunt, and collect what you need to survive.
7567 | Evil mountains is an open world survival game that combines aliens, horror, crafting, base building and tower defence. The game takes place at a remote place somewhere in the Himalayan mountains. Here you'll discover that aliens are real, and you are their prey
7568 | A bread revolution across the world now begins! Aeruta is a side-scrolling action game with a shop management twist, fight monsters for materials and use them to make breads, then finally make the deserted town popular again!
7569 | Caprice: Domina Noctis is a choice-driven adult visual novel where every decision leads you deeper into a world of power, seduction, and consequences. Will you play by their rules, or rewrite the game? Explore this world of Female Domination.
7570 | One day, you encounter a wounded woman, unable to communicate verbally and emitting an aura of suspicion. Despite the mysterious circumstances, you decide to welcome her into your life.
7571 | East Africa, 2009. A 60-year conflict boils over as Ethiopia invades its smaller neighbor Eritrea, threatening the world's most vital shipping lanes in the Red Sea. An elite team of U.S. Army Green Berets, known as the Ghosts, moves in to safeguard the seas and free Eritrea.
7572 | Deceptively easy to learn but incredibly difficult to master, Cook, Serve, Delicious! 2!! is your journey of being the best chef in the world with your small but humble restaurant on the 50th floor of the Teragon Supertower.
7573 | Shoot stuff in a perfect pixel world, combine items, build guns, die every time! Roguelite twin-stick shooter where magic and post-apocalyptic future technologies collide. Defeat evil lord Dracula and save everyone!
7574 | In Close Combat: Cross of Iron you start off as a junior officer leading your men into battle in real-time, focusing on the Eastern Front of World War II. Earn promotions as you deal with an unforgiving enemy. Fight and survive through the frozen winter, hot dusty summer and muddy autumn.
7575 | Bean There, Won That is a physics driven party game designed to test your skills and your friendships! Engage in a variety of crazy minigames as you shoot, boot and bash your way up to the top of the scoreboard! Online or split-screen, you can crush your friends in your home or worldwide.
7576 | Hotel R’n’R, the gonzo VR rockstar simulator! Sell your soul to The Devil, smash up hotels and become Infamous. Pressure from hotel staff and your own limp wrists are against you, but with over 40 weapons, and a World Tour ahead of you, it’s time to get creative.
7577 | This is a idle game modeled on industrial building gameplay. It will be three-dimensional, complex industrial assembly line, easy, simple plane conveyor belt. At the same time to join the battleship assembly, space campaign, character development, giant construction, trade orders and other gameplay!
7578 | Are you ready to start your own e-commerce business and grow globally? Explore wholesale stores, select your products, manage your warehouse, and prepare and deliver your orders flawlessly. Join an adventure filled with opportunities in this highly competitive world!
7579 | March into the real-time strategy legend, Blitzkrieg, and prepare for war. This legendary WWII RTS blends unprecedented realism and accuracy to form immersive 3D backgrounds and a game where brute force often takes a back seat to strategy and wits.
7580 | Enter the dangerous world of king crab fishing in the deadly Bering Sea! Take command of your own fishing vessel, use realistic equipment, combat hazardous Alaskan waters and become the world's best crab catcher!
7581 | A psychedelic soundscape in the sky. Puzzle through the seasons by conducting chaotic Tempopo to rescue musical flowers. Design and populate your melodic garden, then let the music play!
7582 | When Cookie the Chef leaves Flo's Diner to pursue a career on a popular reality cooking TV show, there is a shortage of chefs in DinerTown as Cookie invites them all to appear as guest stars. Flo, with her grandmother, help out at all four DinerTown restaurants and ends up hosting with Cookie on a Hollywood set of Flo's Diner!
7583 | The game that all One Piece fans have been waiting for. One Piece Burning Blood is a dynamic and colourful new fighting game featuring the world’s most famous pirate: Monkey D. Luffy.
7584 | Cyclopean: The Great Abyss is a small scale, mechanics driven CRPG in a retro, monochromatic style, that takes place in the underworld of H.P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands.
7585 | Infinity: Battlescape is a multiplayer space combat sim supporting hundreds of players on a single server. Join one of the corporate factions and fight for domination of a seamless, true-to-scale procedural star system. Participate in massive space and planetary battles involving hundreds of ships.
7586 | A classic visual novel about a demon-slaying ninja. Yukikaze is an up-and-coming young Taimanin with a suite of deadly lightning powers, but when she embarks on a mission to rescue her missing mother, she just might have bitten off more than she can chew...
7587 | Kinky Fight Club is a real-time 3D adult RPG about competitive sex fights. Become champion of the KYFC ring or sit back and watch the kinkiest fights! Customize every aspect of the match to create sexy experiences that match your mood and fantasies.
7588 | Thirsty Suitors is a surreal story-driven game which throws turn-based RPG battles, skating and over-the-top cooking mechanics together in a spicy fusion! This isn't a dating sim - it's a breakup simulator. Battle your exes. Disappoint your parents. Find yourself.
7589 | Explore a decadent hotel across different timelines and uncover the dark history of a fanatical cult and your role in their plans.
7590 | Tackle thorny problems in this plant pushing puzzle game. Learn to maneuver like a cactus as you grow your way back to the desert!
7591 | Luckitown is a turn-based tower defense where you roll dice to build new structures and cast spells to defend your town.
7592 | As a powerful necromancer you have the ability to raise the dead and command them in battle. With each victory, your army will grow stronger and your city will become more powerful. Undead Horde 2 is an action game with elements from RPG, strategy and hack'n'slash. Rise from the crypt and rebuild!
7593 | Fay’s Factory is a story-based RPG at heart, with deckbuilding elements on top. Manufacture magic and fight duels. Go on hand-crafted adventures. Investigate, argue and lie. Become a great middle manager or a decent human being.
7594 | Beautiful Mystic Defenders is a tactical tower defense, romantic visual novel game where you are the savior of the mystic realm's incredibly gorgeous ladies. Build towers wisely, level up heroines, obtain upgrades, defeat hordes of monsters and immerse in a stimulating harem love story!
7595 | SquareCells is an ambient logic puzzle game.
7596 | The perfect mix of action, exploration and story with screen-filling bosses, unique platforming elements, and innovative puzzles.
7597 | Lead troops in tense tactical battles, just you and your brain against the world. Manage a mercenary company, scavenge supplies, build an army. Go on a quest! Burn down a village or two... Maybe save the world in a story inspired by 90s fantasy. Gameplay influenced by Warhammer, FTL and Total War.
7598 | An action-packed fusion of racing and golf. Traverse across a diverse range of courses, using your car to skilfully putt your ball in the hole. Face off against 7 opponents in Race mode, make every shot count in golf mode, or test your skills against the clock in Time Trials.
7599 | The machine world of Molybdion has fallen into disarray. As Nidhogg eats the root of the planet, unending wars rage on the surface! Slice your way through hordes of metallic foes in five frantic levels, defeat fearsome bosses, and dodge countless bullets in this vintage vertical shoot 'em up.
7600 | MASSIVE CHALICE is a tactical strategy game set on an epic timeline from Double Fine Productions. As the Immortal Ruler of the nation, you'll take command of its heroes, forge heroic marriages to strengthen your Bloodlines, and battle a mysterious enemy known as the Cadence in a 300 year war.
7601 | Zusi 3 Aerosoft Edition is a train simulation for PCs, the professional version of which is also being used in railway companies for engine driver training purposes.
7602 | A Hilarious Insult-‘em up in which players must verbally take-out their friends and family in different game modes. Assemble witty insults using different word strings, and employ combos, criticals, continuations and more to battle your opponents both offline and online across multiple devices.
7603 | NEOGEO POCKET COLOR SELECTION Vol.2 The second wave of the dream collection is here! Ten new NEOGEO POCKET COLOR masterpieces are included!
7604 | Confronted with life's peak, diverse romance beckons. Do you choose the allure of a charming secretary or the wisdom of an independent yoga instructor? Will you pursue distant celebrities or seek the sincerity of a working girl's love? Each choice shapes your journey.
7605 | It's time for an adventure! Once classes are over, RPG Time begins! Game master Kenta's notebook holds a handwritten RPG made just for you.
7606 | Guardians Frontline is a sci-fi VR shooter that makes you a soldier and a commander. Fight off enemies and build bases in a single-player and co-op campaign, plus PvP game modes with full cross-play support.
7607 | In Saviors of Sapphire Wings, a fallen hero is reincarnated 100 years after being defeated by the Overlord of Darkness. Bond with allies, explore dungeons, and vanquish monsters in this RPG gem!
7608 | Drox Operative 2 is a starship action RPG with warring alien races, fierce space battles, a dynamic, evolving galaxy, and co-op multiplayer for Windows and Linux.
7609 | Lead a major space agency as you guide humanity to Mars in this strategy simulation game. Construct a base, design and build rockets, conduct missions throughout the Solar System, and write your own history of Space exploration. Created with support from the European Space Agency.
7610 | Build intricate supply chains to meet your feline customers' needs. Discover underground and air transport layers, a vast research tree, procedural worlds, machine learning, and endless automation in this relaxing, enemyless game.
7611 | Only a perfect servant can solve a perfect mess! Being the perfect gentleman's gentleman or lady's lady doesn't make you an angel. Can you untangle your employer's knottiest problems with elegance and unruffled grace?
7612 | In this Insanely Twisted, 2-D action-adventure game, explore unique environments and battle bizarre creatures.
7613 | An army of demons has driven humanity to the brink of extinction. The only thing standing in their way? A woman in black, with a long gun like a witch’s broom and magical powers to match. Mow down hordes of monsters and reignite the spark of mankind’s resistance!
7614 | Find over 800 cute animals and objects in a lot of levels of varying difficulty. The magical black and white world comes alive after coloring. Relax and enjoy playing.
7615 | Enjoy a sweet romance with vampires in this otome novel adventure.
7616 | Fight to survive on a mysterious alien planet, outwit its vicious inhabitants, and do whatever it takes to find a way off that wretched rock.
7617 | Experience the excitement of the 2019 season for the first time in the series! Race in official MX teams, share your gaming experience with the community thanks to the Track Editor and the Waypoint mode and practice in the Playground to learn to ride like a real pro!
7618 | This sequel to Castlevania: Lords of Shadow reveals the story of the Belmonts as they battle destiny across generations to discover their true fate. Trevor Belmont, knight of the Brotherhood of Light, embarks on an epic quest to avenge his mother who was killed by his father Gabriel.
7619 | Jia huasheng ,the policeman of Chicheng police station, got disappeared without any trace after leaving a letter which illustrates the police station to start the CaseCracker system version 2.0.
7620 | Continue Joey and Xefros’s adventure through the dark and dangerous planet Alternia. Meet dozens of unique and memorable characters, some more helpful than others, as you navigate this volatile alien culture. Hurry up! There’s a train to catch.
7621 | You are Jack. Summer's here and you have the house to yourself... almost. Your twin sister Eve and her best friend Cassie are underfoot, sporting new bikinis, and eager to settle old business. It's hot outside. Temptation hangs heavy in the air. What will you do?
7622 | It's a dangerous thing, gods and monsters living among mortals. Good thing your agency exists to keep them in line. With big dreams and an even bigger heart, you aspire to climb the agency's ladder... That is, until one day five mythical beings ask for your help!
7623 | A horror survival and extraction game playable in single player or co-op for up to 4 players. Lost in a creepy forest, you and your friends are hunted by a monster. Stay quiet while extracting keys through nightmarish realms using items like traps, sonars, and flare guns to survive!
7624 | Shantae: Risky’s Revenge – Director’s Cut brings hair-whipping, belly-dancing to your PC! Play one of the most critically acclaimed handheld series of all time, now with brand new features!
7625 | Dream Tactics is a GBA-styled strategy RPG with cunning card combos and deep character customization. Pick your party, manage cards to create unique playstyles, and outsmart hordes of pillows in turn-based combat to save the Dream World from its inevitable collapse.
7626 | Maiden Cops is a Beat'em Up full of classic, arcade-style action and ass kicking. Choose among the gorgeous Maiden Cops policewomen, tackle crime in Maiden City and enjoy premium-level pixel art and a breathtaking soundtrack.
7627 | Think you can do better? It's your decisions that count: your budget, your buys, your formation, your tactics... your chance to prove it! Use your skills and knowledge to manage your club the way you feel it should be - now it's your turn. All football fans around the world, believe they know more about football than anybody else.
7628 | Welcome to the fantastic party on the adorable planet of chicks! Feather Party is a multiplayer party game for up to 8 players. Engage in a diverse array of fun mini-games with friends or against rivals to be the winner of this party!
7629 | Find and discover 100 cute cats hidden across Georgia in this hand-drawn hidden object game. Can you find them all?
"7630 | This is Cafe ""DReAMLAND"". Grant your ""customers'"" wishes by serving them drinks mixed with a hint of blasphemy! Cafe simulation x Exploration x Multiple endings Let your choices decide the final outcome."
7631 | Operation: Harsh Doorstop is the ultimate, free to play, tactical shooter sandbox. Play singleplayer, multiplayer, or co-op modes and explore thousands of community-created maps, weapons, and vehicles via the Steam Workshop. Created by ex-developers of Squad, Red Orchestra, and Insurgency.
7632 | MADiSON VR now plunges you even deeper into its immersive and terrifying world. With the utilization of an instant camera in your virtual hands, bridge the gap between our world and the unknown. Snap photos, develop them by yourself to solve puzzles, explore the shadows and above all, survive.
7633 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
7634 | The year is 2036. In this famine-riddled world, food-centric sovereignty has been established. Living alone inside a food-inspection booth, you are striving to find truth and peace beyond the borderline.
7635 | Moroi is a grimdark fairytale with an even darker sense of humor. Experience frantic combat, perplexing puzzles, and a twisting narrative anchored by a bizarre cast of characters. Can you break free from eternal madness?
7636 | Psychroma is a psychological horror side-scroller set in a haunted cyberpunk house. Collect cards and explore the memories stored on them to piece together your past. But the deeper you go, the more you expose yourself to the brightest heat, the warmest color...
7637 | A physics-based football game, where matches are won not by randomness or luck, but pure skill! Easy to learn, yet difficult to master, World of Football lets you bring up to ten players together to test your skills on the pitch! Then go pro and fight for the title of GOAT!
7638 | A contemplative experience where you’ll wander through the dreams, memories and fantasies emerging from a dialogue between a grandfather and his grandchild.
7639 | Event[0] is a sci-fi narrative exploration game where you build a relationship with a lonely spaceship computer to get home to Earth.
7640 | Steel Armor: Blaze of War is realistic tank simulator with tactical elements. The game models Soviet T-62 tank and US M60A1 tank in detail. Each tank has interactive cockpit with crew. Player controls a tank, and commands a tank platoon and attached forces in 4 large scale dynamic campaigns.
7641 | Create your own creatures to explore online worlds with friends and collect new parts to upgrade your stats and abilities! Complete quests, battle enemies, challenge friends to minigames, or just have fun roleplaying — the possibilities are endless when your imagination is the limit!
"7642 | The first console game of the stage-themed multi-media franchise ""Revue Starlight"" is on its way!"
7643 | Suoh Shirahane, a shy girl with a mysterious past, will begin her first year of high school at Saint Angraecum Academy, where she hopes to find a new beginning. She will navigate friendships and mysteries at her new school, and discovers that love can come in many forms.
7644 | The followup to 2009's Dead Samurai, The Dishwasher: Vampire Smile is a combo-fueled, fast-paced, stylistic 2D action platformer that features the series' staple gritty, graphic novel-inspired art style, built on a new engine that allows for an even more visually gruesome experience.
7645 | Crop Rotation is a farming-theme card drafting game. Cards are played automatically so you can focus on the deck building and building synergies.
7646 | When your summer plans take a sharp detour, and you find yourself out in the middle of the wood, you'll soon learn this will be summer you'll never forget. Filled with adventure, love, fear and danger; your choices could be the difference between life and death out here, at The Cabin.
7647 | Shift Happens is a cooperative platformer for two. You and a friend shift your mass, throw each other and puzzle your way through four stages of stylized imaginary worlds. Including the occasional backstabbing and taunting. Play with a friend on a couch, online or even special singleplayer levels.
7648 | Idle Devils is a leisure strategic placement game. In addition to rich roles, skills and equipment systems, you can also freely choose the devil to cultivate. Through her, you can conquer new female demons, and finally complete the salvation of the Demon World, becoming a real Demon King.
7649 | The cult classic open-ended wilderness survival roguelike RPG taking place in the ancient North. Throughout the years, UnReal World has been praised for its incredible depth, realism, atmosphere and immersion. Lose yourself in the most intricate, detailed and enchanting iron-age game world.
7650 | Selfloss is an emotional exploration game filled with rich lore, set in a whale-worshipping, Slavic-inspired world. Embark on the journey of the healer, Kazimir, and his magical staff as he fights a mysterious Miasma in search of a ritual to cure his wounded soul.
7651 | Welcome to the magic island — Nekoland! All good things you want will happen here! Solve the match puzzles, collect the magic coins and then you will see miracles!
7652 | Find 200 Cats hidden in London! Can you find them all? 😺
"7653 | 5029 AD, ""Guillotine"", the Japanese territory on Mercury, a city full of neon signs and drunks. You will explore the beautiful cyberpunk-style 2D world, play music to the residents of Mercury to gather intelligence, and finally achieve the goal of saving the world."
7654 | In this thrilling romance game, players are a working-class hero meeting six girls: a loli, a mature woman, a housewife, a soft girl, a domineering CEO, and a cute, naive girl. As he gets involved with them, he awakens a cheating system—can you believe it?! Make your final choice now!
7655 | A new JRPG from veteran studio AQUAPLUS, commemorating 20 years of the multi-media Utawarerumono series. This is the story of a man who will be sung about in legends.
7656 | Hot And Lovely: Dream is a classic match-3 casual game. Players need to move blocks to eliminate three or more prescribed tiles to complete the goal, and each level needs to be controlled within the specified number of steps. If it exceeds the number, the game will fail!
7657 | Prepare to take off, soldier! The galaxy needs your strategy! Prove your RTS expertise, explore an entire galaxy and defend it from a threatening invasion.
7658 | Take Notes is a puzzle game set in the near future within a bunker filled with 40 unique puzzles. Prepare yourself for a mind-bending adventure where every puzzle solved brings you one step closer to stopping the unthinkable
7659 | Where do you run to when your demons reside within you? Decarnation is a pixel art adventure/action puzzle game with a horrific story inspired by some of the most influential films and novels in the genre. Dive into a breathtaking thriller where nightmares and dreams intertwine…
7660 | With the fate of the world uncertain, follow the journey of Urpina, Taria, Balmaint, and Leonard as they call on their might and set out to carve a new future. Take charge and shape your own adventure with ultimate freedom of choice.
7661 | Atlantica Global is a free-to-play (F2P) massive multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG), with a tactical combat system. Venture out in to the world of Atlantis where you'll find otherworldly monsters, amazing gear, and even more battle-hardened adventurers like yourself.
7662 | Stuntman and engineer in one? No problem with Bridge Constructor Stunts! Build imposing ramps and loops to reach your goal in the diverse stages. But building structures alone isn't enough this time: you sit behind the wheel of the vehicles yourself and have to maneuver them skillfully to the goal.
7663 | Caught in the middle of a violent conflict on the fringe of the galaxy — your ability to survive will depend on your piloting skills and combat savvy as a mercenary space fighter. But, as you explore the vastly detailed world of Tachyon: The Fringe, you will often find that the most powerful weapon on your ship is in your head.
7664 | SYSTEMS IMPROVED! ReSetna is a combat oriented action-platformer. Battle Signal-hacked robots called Optigens, test your skill in epic boss fights and explore seven challenging zones! Customize your playstyle with a Tetris-inspired upgrade system to create powerful abilities.
7665 | Jump into the world full of elves, orcs, unbelievable situations and hot 18+ action in Lust Fantasy 💜 - an adult isekai visual novel about a regular guy who accidentally gets teleported into a medieval world full of magic and mysteries! Would you find the way back?..
7666 | Fueled by love but driven by rage, Cherry embarks on a blood-soaked quest for revenge, explores the massive Megastructure, and eviscerates the armies of Infornet in a best-in-class action-adventure that breaks tropes and bones.
"7667 | ""Hatsuyuki Sakura"" is one of the most popular works by SAGA PLANETS, a popular Japanese developer for visual novels. Experience Hatsuyuki Sakura for the first time in 1080p! This version includes the English, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and Japanese versions."
7668 | A young mage from a noble family arrives at a distant castle to find it ruined and her sister missing. Will she able to restore peace with their power? Combine various skills to create your own playstyle. Will you overcome your enemies through force or make them into your toys? It's up to you!
7669 | Mix drinks and mingle with monster girls! Manage a bar staffed by cute waitresses and work hard to earn their affection! Take orders, make sophisticated small-talk and get lucky in the wildest ways possible...
7670 | Pixel Descent is an action rogue-lite in which you navigate a series of complex dungeons packed to the brim with monsters that want you dead. Sign the contract and descend into the deepest depths of the abyss knowing full well that you will definitely die there, it's just a matter of when.
7671 | A prince in flight, charged with defending the last of the royal family, determined to secure a future for his kingdom, unaware he would be fighting for stakes greater still.
7672 | Close Combat is a pausable real-time wargame series, heavily focused on historical accuracy and realistic soldier psychological profiles. In Close Combat: The Longest Day take command of either the Allied Expeditionary Force or Germany’s Wehrmacht.
7673 | A lonely kid desperately tries to escape his dark world.
7674 | Between our world and the world beyond lie the Titan Souls, the spiritual source of all living things. Scattered amongst the ruins and guarded by the idle titans charged with their care, a solitary hero armed with a single arrow is assembling shards of the Titan Soul in a quest for truth and power.
7675 | 12th century, England: In a time of poverty and war, a small town begins the construction of a cathedral to claim wealth and safety for its people. In their struggle to survive, lives and destinies intertwine. Based on Ken Follett's world-bestseller ‘The Pillars of the Earth’.
7676 | Mysterious deaths. Dreams that are reality, and reality that is a dream. Will Noah be able to move forward and solve the mystery⁠—or will he give in to the demons of his past? A story-rich BL mystery visual novel.
7677 | Traveler of Wuxia is a deck-building rogue-lite game that mixes with Wuxia story and card combination. You will play as a young hero exploring to a unknown martial arts world. Use card combos to unleash powerful techniques and team up with companions to overcome the challenges of the martial world.
7678 | The exhilarating Atari racing classic “Sprint” series returns! NeoSprint zooms back to life as a single screen arcade racer for up to 8 players, paired with a robust track builder and intuitive sharing tools, ensuring a racing experience that satisfies speed demons and architects alike.
7679 | THE CORRIDOR is a 20-30 minute experience about the relationship between player and game.
7680 | This is an escape adventure game. Within a building full of traps and mechanisms, your goal is to find the exit. Players will play as Alice, navigating through sealed rooms using click-based interactions to find items and solve the mechanisms to advance to the next stage.
7681 | Memories...One of the most important things in our lives. But what happens if you forget who you are? If you don't remember anything? Then you can only hope that the people that do know who you are help you out...This is your journey...On your way to finding new memories...
7682 | Sudoku, tunes, and some furry friends.
7683 | Only Up: With Friends is a multiplayer parkour game where speed is essential. Race against your friends to the top by climbing a variety of dynamic obstacles. One mistake and its back to the start...
7684 | In this twin stick roguelite shooter, you play as one of the galactic mercenaries, explore a mysterious scientific complex and uncover the secret of the REPLIKATOR project.
7685 | SENRAN KAGURA has transformed into a wild pinball game! Bounce your ball along the curves of a crazy theme park, starring a ninja girl who thinks she's an animal! (Yep, you heard right!) Build up points to unlock special challenges, which showcase the girls' charms!
7686 | A spaceship building and universe-exploration game. Collect resources, expand and grow your fleet, and conquer your personal galaxy. Stellar ambience by Peaks.
7687 | Because I Love Her is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel that focuses on character relationships over time. Play out the lives of two main protagonists while learning about other love interests and uncover the mystery that surrounds your new neighbors in this zero grind Visual Novel.
7688 | The best-selling Comanche series returns with this fast-paced action game that places you at the controls of a Comanche RAH-66 helicopter. In 6 single player campaigns and multiplayer, the game combines serious firepower with effortless controls and stunning, interactive terrain.
7689 | Pick one of 20 unique characters and fight your way through the dangers of the “Hollow Night”, and claim your victory over those who would get in your way. Experience intuitive and tight 2D fighter controls, with a splash of devastating combos and unique fighting styles to keep your appetite for battle sated!
7690 | Draw a stickman, then guide him through a fantastic world of adventure! Using an assortment of pencils, draw elements, tools, and weapons to solve puzzles and overcome obstacles.
7691 | Sneak Thief is a first person, shooter, strategy, stealth and puzzle game that lets you choose how you want to play. Use your wits and expertise to setup and perform heists whether that be by using brute force to smash your way through or by getting away without making a sound.
7692 | Friendship is EVERYTHING! Play this award-winning title together with your friends, or switch between characters as your traverse a cute puzzle adventure on your own! Glo & Bulder come together to charm young and adult alike!
7693 | A deep, interactive adventure about love and loss, beautifully depicted and offering an intense cinematic experience. What would you do to save the one you love?
"7694 | ""Escape First 2"" is the second installment of a multiplayer escape room puzzle game for virtual reality or desktop PC! It includes 3 different escape rooms to choose from and can be played competitively, co-op or solo."
7695 | You’re now an Operative, a free agent and a speculator in the claustrophobic terminally ill city of (Misplaced) Optimism, the last crater cluster on barren mined-out Titan.
7696 | Apewar is an online tactical and action FPS/TPS monkey war game adapted from real life. Build your monkey team and fight against your enemies. By playing in a coordinated way, you can have fun and win with a good strategy. Monkeys are strong together!
7697 | First-Person VR kung fu fighter with high-fidelity, physics-based combat, and an artistic style that pays homage to the golden era of martial arts films. Play with friends in Co-Op mode, challenge others in PvP battles, or embark on epic single-player adventures.
7698 | Starstruck: Hands of Time is a story-rich rhythm adventure game where you play guitar and abuse time travel! Control a giant hand destroying a miniature town, or play as the two guitarist kids living in it. For extra fun, optionally plug in a Guitar Hero controller!
7699 | Solve Pixel Puzzles to find clues. Use those clues to interrogate witnesses. Work your way to the truth... ...and uncover the mystery of Murder by Numbers!
7700 | A 2.5D horror game inspired by Clock Tower and Fatal Frame, mixing cyberpunk with traditional Cantonese folklore. With careful attention to pacing, atmosphere and storytelling, Sense hopes to return the horror genre to its roots by celebrating visceral horror and the slow, fearful creep of dread.
7701 | The day of your planned road trip has finally arrived, and you are almost ready to drive off. Suddenly, an unexpected person joins your trip, so now you have to travel with her.
7702 | Eris finds herself alone in a world full of monsters with a scythe and a gun as her only means of protection. Join her on her journey as she battles her way through a swarm of enemies to reach her goal!
7703 | Mega Mosaic is a meditative game about completing a single enormous puzzle
7704 | Rebellion: The Beginning is an erotic Visual Novel made to be played by ADULTS ONLY. You'll encounter an engaging story taking place in Ancient Rome. Play along as the main character in your quest to fame and glory. Huge character cast, beautiful women, lots of nudity. We have it all.
7705 | Kaito wakes to find himself in a strange room, with no memories, and a taciturn girl named Yonagi by his side. Upon learning of his role, he immerses himself into three wondrous dream worlds with her. When all three stories meet a bitter end, Kaito recovers his memories, and the true story unfolds.
7706 | The Unlosing Ranger is on his way to save Japan from Darkdeath Evilman when disaster strikes and he is struck by a car! With his dying breath he bequeaths his morphing belt to the true hero of the story: the most average boy in the universe. Will he rise to the challenge?
7707 | SNK and CAPCOM legends clash in this star-studded crossover fighting game! The 2003 arcade hit SVC CHAOS is back and better than ever!
7708 | Aokana - EXTRA1 is the official Mashiro afterstory for Aokana.Experience even more Aokana in 1440p!
7709 | An experimental first person narrative sending you back to Summer 1988 and you have a one day rental of Duck Season. Dive into the mystery and work through the hidden secrets spilling out of the cursed cartridge. The full hit VR game playable on your traditional flat screen!
7710 | You are Cahal, a powerful Garou who chose to go into exile after losing control of his destructive rage. He can transform into a wolf and a Crinos, a huge ferocious beast. Master your three forms and their powers to punish those who defile Gaia.
7711 | A dark-fantasy, turn-based, retro-fusion of classic turn-based RPGs and roguelikes, all presented with a unique neon aesthetic.
7712 | A fastpaced, military tug-of-war game with minimal micromanagement. Choose and deploy from a mix of specialized military units to overwhelm the enemy. Experiment with a huge variety of unit compositions, synergies, abilities, and upgrades to lead your army to victory!
7713 | Liquor and Wine Shop Simulator is a store management game that takes place in the charming streets of France where you run your own Liquor shop! Start small as a cashier, scanning items and giving the correct change to your customers, then work your way up to managing a full-fledged business.
7714 | Create and command custom Mechs to outmaneuver The Swarm in this post-apocalyptic tactical turn-based rogue-lite. Leverage the terrain, learn each Mech's unique skills and use strategy and resources to survive an ever-changing series of battles to give humanity hope.
7715 | Real-time strategy battles in amazing sci-fi worlds! Command brave soldiers, mighty mechas and powerful aliens to face the greatest challenges in hostile alien worlds. The galaxy needs you!
7716 | A legend returns in stunning new detail with Alex Kidd in Miracle World DX! Fire up your power bracelet and relive a platforming classic alongside new modes, levels and features!
7717 | Hadean Tactics is a roguelike deckbuilding game fused with autobattler elements to create a unique strategy experience. Use your cards to influence the actions of your units and help your Hero defeat the Six Wings of Hell!
7718 | This is a 3D ancient style fantasy, multi ending action role-playing game. As the third installment of the Ryukyu Hidden series and the Ryukyu Hidden Nine Absolute Reincarnation Chapter, the game is designed with the principle of promoting offense and hesitation to defeat in its combat system.
7719 | Reunite with your mischievous childhood tomboy friend in a playful, emotional journey filled with humor, challenges, and steamy moments. Will rivalry turn into romance?
7720 | New Real Time Strategy Game based on medieval times, where you will control powerful factions and empires, with large-scale epic battles, asymmetric civilizations, unit customization system with RPG elements, dynamic AI, 8K support and much more.
7721 | You are a private eye in Free City. Your latest client has found himself dead. As for how, many suspect suicide, though you're smarter than that. But poking around may get you in some hot water, but then again why would you be a private eye if you couldn't take the heat?
7722 | Band together with Virtual Idols to save Planet Emote in this music-based hack n' slash!
7723 | Join over 80 million players in 1V1.LOL Champions, the Fastest Battle Royale experience!
7724 | PowerBeatsVR is a high-intensity VR fitness game where you box, dodge, and squat to the rhythm of upbeat music. Choose between official songs with leaderboards and dozens of professional workouts or train with your own music using the generator. See those calories burn and your pulse racing.
7725 | 9-nine-: Episode 3 is the latest chapter in this series of supernatural mystery visual novels with the focus now shifted towards a new heroine, Haruka Kosaka.
7726 | The original Match-3 RPG returns with an all-new adventure, bringing the classic combination of strategic puzzle battles with epic monsters, unique hero classes, and rich fantasy stories.
7727 | Visit the largest ship graveyard in the world. A dozen kilometers of beach filled with wrecks. Hundreds of ships wrecked on the coast. Thousands of tons of steel. Choose the most valuable ship for you and start the adventure. Play as one of the workers during the most dangerous work in the world!
7728 | Economic booms, stock market crashes, oil crises, upswings, triumphs... Now you can become the greatest power in industry!
7729 | Five Nations is a real-time sci-fi strategy game for PC platform. Encompassing tactical combat in space in real-time mixed with micromanagement of economy, construction, and production featuring different kind of single player modes.
7730 | Kakeru and his friends uncover the identity of the mastermind behind the incidents in Shiromitsugawa as the story shifts to focus on Noa Yuuki, a girl with a strong sense of justice. What secrets will they uncover about the Artifacts and the bonds that ties them all together?
7731 | Warlords Battlecry III is the next installment in the award-winning Warlords Battlecry series. Builds upon the famous features of previous Battlecry titles such as the outstanding AI, innovative gameplay and hero system that has made this brand renowned throughout the RTS genre.
7732 | Spark the electric jester is an action/platformer video game heavily based on best classics from the 16-bit era from both sides of the aisle.
7733 | Play Hide & Seek in a diabolical convent where everyone is an imposter.
7734 | Take friendship to new heights and tame the chaotic magic that’s turning the world upside down, in a mystery adventure for one or two ponies!
7735 | TransOcean – The Shipping Company is your ticket to the world of gigantic ships and transnational transport empires. Build a mighty fleet of modern merchant ships and conquer the seven seas.
7736 | The Number 1 Jigsaw Puzzle Game.
7737 | Tactical, beautiful, and wholly unique, the GOTY-winning sci-fi RTS returns with Homeworld 3. Assume control and battle through fleet combat in dazzling, fully 3D space while the award-winning story unfolds on a galactic scale.
7738 | Sword of the Necromancer: Resurrection is a 3D remake of the original ARPG, featuring revamped graphics, dynamic combat, and a tactical summoning system. Turn your foes into allies and dive into an adventure full of strategy and action, inspired by the classics of the 6th gen of consoles.
7739 | Hidden in Plain Sight is a local-multiplayer stealth party game. Blend into the crowd of AI characters and eliminate the other players before they eliminate you!
7740 | Become the best barber in town! Brush, shave, color, and wash customers' hair based on their requests. Keep your shop and tools clean and your customers happy by serving coffee while they wait. Get cash for your cuts and use this to upgrade and customize your very own barbershop today!
7741 | A little master lived happily with his maids. But what bothered him was that the maids were too naive and simple. One day, he received a letter from his father. He thought he could solve the current problem... But unexpectedly, another succubus maid came. Will he still be a good boy or...?
7742 | Build your spaceship from scratch, earn funds and invest them into building a bigger, better spaceship as you try and fly your way up to space!
7743 | Immerse yourself in a unique narrative experience and explore the thousand summer colors of Dordogne as you revisit your childhood to uncover lost family secrets in this touching formative journey.
7744 | Fast paced 3D action platformer.
7745 | Dodge bullets to the rhythm and take down everything that moves! A rhythmical danmaku action game.
7746 | Want to improve your French? Need a break from flash cards and listening exercises? Ready to put what you've already learned into practice? Félicitations ! This is the game for you.
7747 | A 2D Metroidvania-style game developed under the supervision of Ryo Mizuno, depicting the story of Deedlit and the events leading up to Record of Lodoss War: Diadem of the Covenant. Use a variety of weapons and spirit powers to unravel the mystery of the labyrinth.
7748 | Enter the world of Train Yard Builder and customize your railway to your heart's content. Work with different models of trains and wagons, control them the way you want, and use modeler tools to unleash your creativity.
7749 | Manage your own bunny park! Give snacks and toys to your bunnies. Improve and decorate your park to increase its popularity and collect all the bunnies!
7750 | The previous Demon Lord was defeated by the hero, and his daughter took the throne. Although Melissa is said to surpass her father in strength, she is now seeking ways to coexist with humanity.
7751 | A family friendly, hand-animated, puzzle-filled adventure game with an all-star cast, including Elijah Wood, Jack Black and Masasa Moyo. Funded by a record breaking crowdfunding campaign and designed by industry legend Tim Schafer, Broken Age is a timeless coming-of-age story.
7752 | Sudoku for cat people. Cats are wonderful creatures but you better not put them together without proper introduction. So, plan ahead to display them in the right order so they get along!
"7753 | This is a survival horror action game in which a young girl ""Enri"" tries to escape from a mysterious facility filled with blood and madness."
7754 | USAC: Code Breach™ is a unique coop experience set in a cyberpunk universe. As a special police unit, you and your partner are called in to investigate the unexpected shutdown of a high-tech research facility. Between reflection and action, you must survive a situation that is beyond you.
7755 | Roll out for intense arcade racing and robot combat, fused together in a battle for the lost Prime Relics. Cybertron’s future depends on you!
7756 | Witches x Warlocks is a cute and light-hearted Halloween Raising Sim; featuring a customizable protagonist and 4 love interests of different genders!
7757 | Organ Trail is a retro zombie survival game. Travel westward in a station wagon with 4 of your friends, scavenging for supplies and fending off the undead. Members of your party might die of dysentery or you might have to put them down yourself when they get bit.
7758 | You've been dragged into robbing a house by a couple of thugs, but what you discover there is beyond anything you could have imagined.
7759 | A fully-animated visual novel about a boy who wakes up in an unknown house with two beautiful sisters, their mother, and an unspoken truth.
"7760 | Meet cheerful Kaori Sawai, fresh out of nursing school, as she joins Yurigahama Hospital. Surviving a near death experience as a child left her with a desire to become a nurse and ""healing hands"" that let her relieve pain in patients just by touching them."
7761 | Strayed is an open-world multiplayer VR survival game focused on PvP interaction. Spawn empty-handed on the beaches of procedurally generated islands; explore the wilderness and deserted structures; gather resources and build your shelter. Be warned - others are just as motivated as you are.
7762 | Embark on an eerie ghost-hunting adventure, featuring real evidence of paranormal activity, to solve the mystery of the Lost Crown. Be warned, to seek advice from the dead can have bitter consequences.
"7763 | EMPTY SHELL will throw you in a dark industrial environment, a secret facility on a Japanese island. Each volunteer has signed a contract for a ""recovery operation"" without being privy to too many details. A tense roguelite survival horror with a top down perspective."
7764 | Battle a seductive succubus and fight back with cheeky moves like playful head pats to flip the fight in your favor!
7765 | Use Your Words is the new party game for funny people and their unfunny friends! Laugh your way through four hilarious mini-games! Use your smartphone to fill in the blank, or try your luck using one of our answers to get laughs! No matter your strategy, Use Your Words brings comedy home!
7766 | “SHOCK TROOPERS ”, the fan favorite 2D top-down view action shooting game released exclusively on NEOGEO MVS in 1997, returns to the battlefield on Steam!Progress through the battlefield, choosing the best routes and strategy!
7767 | Empires Shall Fall is a turn-based tactics game set in a dieselpunk world. Upgrade your army and command your troops, then exploit terrain to eradicate your enemies with sheer power and sharp tactics.
7768 | Break into the new apeX of 2D action! INTI CREATES is proud to present new apeX of cutting-edge 2D action with Luminous Avenger iX 2!
7769 | Zombies have invaded Gamicademi, and now it's up to Blanc and friends to school them! Take them out with crazy combos in this hack 'n' slash with a tag-team in single player, or complete special missions with up to 3 other players with online play!
7770 | Battle your way through a biopunk and Japanese mythology-inspired landscape filled with over-the-top, hip hop-infused 2D action. A single hit means death, but use your time-bending skills to take down your oppressors and you might yet save your dying nation.
"7771 | The Qi has awakened demons, they wreak havoc on our world. You traverse ancient realms with the aid of the ""Kunlun Mirror,"" embarking on a journey of cultivation and acension to gods."
7772 | Thrillville™: Off the Rails lives up to its name with 20 death-defying rides! Players can build incredible coasters to leap from one track to another, launch through the air like cannonballs, blast through a burning rings of fire and more!
7773 | Build a mobile fortress on the back of a giant and mysterious walking Tree and embark on a journey in this merge of tower defense and colony simulation.
7774 | Play through loads of hand-crafted fast-paced microgames based on horror tropes, explore the world of the afterlife and help the skelebros live their death to the fullest.
7775 | Grow, feed and care for your colony of mighty ants in a realistic semi-idle simulation of ant keeping. Created in collaboration with ant keeping enthusiasts, Ant Keeping Simulator will be an accurate experience to ant keepers.
"7776 | The team behind the original series has gotten together to bring you into the world of Spice and Wolf again for a second installment of VR animation! Animation has evolved from ""watching"" to ""experiencing."""
7777 | A challenging action-adventure game. Explore a foggy abandoned island, fight knights, slugs and ghosts, and make your way to an old corrupted keep.
7778 | The story is set in the city of Lylan on an isolated island. Everything seems peaceful until a mysterious aura approaches...
"7779 | The year is 1947. The Nazis have been crushed, the Cold War has begun and Soviet agents are sniffing around the ruins of the fabled Tower of Babel. What are they up to? The CIA recruits renowned archeologist and adventurer, Dr. Henry ""Indiana"" Jones, to find out."
7780 | The definitive version of the cult classic shooter, Shadow Warrior Classic Redux features remastered visuals and two massive expansion packs. Corporations rule every facet of life in a near-future Japan and employ Shadow Warriors, one-man armies of unparalleled skill, to protect their power and forcefully remove all opposition.
7781 | Placed in a world without change, you must create fate by watering an ancient plant. Determine a future and live with it.
7782 | Brass Brigade combines the aesthetic of Battlefield Heroes/Battlefield 1942 with highly customizable bot matches. Fight WWII's most iconic battles with as many bots as your PC can handle!
7783 | A yuri visual novel about Amber, a girl who's trying her best to be alone on the road, until she stumbles upon a young hitchhiker and the journal of a prospector from long ago. Fully voiced in English.
7784 | Set up stalls with fresh vegetables, fruits, and fish. Deliver customer orders, set prices, and expand your bazaar. Catch your own fish to sell and enjoy fishing's thrill. Collaborate with friends in multiplayer mode to manage the bazaar together. Much more is coming soon!
7785 | THOSE GAMES are back, and harder than ever! Play upgraded, more difficult versions of familiar minigames to your heart's content! Are you up to the challenge? Are you ready...for THOSE GAMES EXTREME?!
7786 | Shadow of the Depth is a top-down action Roguelite game. Delve into a dungeon world of light and shadow to eradicate the monsters that ravage your home. Be prepared to step into the abyss before you!
7787 | Jet Lancer is a high-velocity aerial combat shooter where you duel enemy aviators, hunt giant robots, and defy death at supersonic speeds as you evolve from an unknown rookie aviator into a once-in-a-generation ACE pilot.
7788 | Sequel to its successful predecessor, Battle Academy 2 moves the action east – to the bloodied plains of Mother Russia. When a gritty new look, great new features, and random mission generation meet battle-proven gameplay you can be sure of a turn-based strategy classic!
7789 | Dive into the world of Sixty Four, where you transform simple machines into a thriving factory.
7790 | Lead the revolution with an army of flamethrowing Boars, mustard gas-lobbing Skunks, and paratrooper-puking Owls. Tooth and Tail is a Real-Time-Strategy game featuring Single Player, Online Competitive Play, Split Screen, Replays, and more. Build a base, lead your army, eat your enemies!
7791 | Twinsen's Little Big Adventure 2 Classic is a retro action-adventure game originally released in 1997. After saving the world from the evilish Doctor Funfrock, Twinsen is now ready to face a new threat coming from outer space.
7792 | CTHULOOT is a cooperative arcade game in which you explore strange places filled with treasures to collect. Cooperation, agility and cthonic chanting will be required to solve the mysteries that await you. But watch out for tentacles!
7793 | 8-Bit Armies is a retro Real-Time Strategy game. With a colorful, blocky voxel art style, 8-Bit Armies is Petroglyph's most fast-paced, friendly, and accessible RTS game to date. Featuring a campaign of 25 single-player missions, 12 co-op missions, multiplayer and skirmish modes.
7794 | Play as Misha, a girl with an unpleasant personality and a not very high level of intelligence. Help her raise funds to repay debts and thereby prevent a tragic end to her life. Explore the peculiar city, look for a job, and make new strange acquaintances.
7795 | KnightsCollege is a kemono visual novel set in the Knight College, where elite knight candidates live. In this game, every choice is presented as a card, and the protagonist lives in the dormitory while collecting cards.
7796 | You have been reincarnated as the Demon Lord in another world! Can you lead your forces to victory?
7797 | A young girl needs to find her friends, unravel a dark mystery and escape the clutches of her cursed toys.
7798 | Lunavania isn't just about high-octane combat. Enjoy base building, decorating with a variety of furniture, befriending NPCs, farming, and fishing. These features add greater depth and variety, offering a chance to savor life on the Moon beyond the battlefield.
7799 | Chornobyl Liquidators is not a fantastic tale of exploring the Zone. It's a story about real people facing a real threat — the CNPP disaster. Invisible radiation, KGB, difficult moral choices... Do you have enough courage and strength to take on this challenge?
7800 | A faphole simulator about a girl you can control with the mouse! Enjoy as this slut animated in smooth Live2D is wrecked by your virtual cock! Plenty of status effects included!
7801 | The widely acclaimed series Cursed Armor has first time joined in Steam! An innocent girl, Lilina .She is forced to wear a set of cursed armor, and goes on an adventure of finding six divine artifacts to remove the curse...
7802 | Lost forever in the pitch black! But that's what makes it fun! The vast corridors covered in darkness change with each play. All you can do is run or hide from the frightening Apparitions. Use unique items and Karuta cards with special powers in your desperate search for an escape from the darkness!
7803 | Based on a true story. Set during the famous airdrop before the invasion at Normandy, where Sgt. Matt Baker and his squad of 101st Airborne Paratroopers were scattered over the French countryside.
7804 | After an unfulfilling childhood in the countryside, Noelle jumps at the first opportunity to move out and live on her own. Little does she know, her new home comes with the world's worst housewarming gift: a debt to the tune of a million gold, which she only has 10 days to repay! It's time for Noelle to do her best!
7805 | Are you a fishing fanatic? With Ultimate Fishing Simulator 2 you can prove it! Here's a fishing simulator with six picturesque locations where you'll catch more than 60 species of fish, including the giant tiger shark. Grab your rod, adventure awaits!
7806 | Save your friends, fight off the vampire apocalypse, and survive the horrors of freshman field hockey practice in #BLUD, a delightfully zany animated dungeon crawler that blurs the line between action RPGs and hyperkinetic 90s cartoons.
7807 | What's that ringing filled the air? A wonder is coming! Santa has once again received many letters of wishes. The production conveyor have started! The Christmas season is upon us! Find 150 different items to give presents to everyone!
7808 | Tokyo, 1918. World War I is coming to an end. Yuriko Nomiya, aristocratic by birth, is suddenly struck by a series of misfortunes. Is this fate brought about by the changing times, or is someone plotting against her? The dark, bittersweet tale of Yuriko and five young men is about to unfold...
7809 | It’s Super Crazy Rhythm Castle, the chaotic rhythm adventure! A puzzling co-op mashup unlike anything you've ever heard. Solo, or with a band of up to three friends … … Can you conquer the castle?
7810 | A deeply unsettling visual novel following a boy who returns to his hometown expecting to find peace; however, it isn't long before his hopes are dashed by the monster known as Gore Screaming Show.
7811 | A hospitalized Boy comes to terms with his own story by traveling with his Mom to a beautiful fantasy world; ultimately helping his fellow patients find closure by walking a mile in their shoes.
7812 | In Delos, you are the space traffic controller managing the flow of ships at a bustling space station. Direct docking, allocate resources, and prevent collisions in a real-time strategy setting. Balance efficiency and safety to maintain order in the interstellar hub.
7813 | Tabletopia is a sandbox virtual table with high-quality board games and ready setups. Already 2,400+ games and counting! Play how you want with whom you want: guests don’t need accounts to play. Or make your own games, no programming skills required.
7814 | Join our lovely heroine as she roams Venice, the City of Water. Like a Where's Wally Visual Novel: Search for objects & characters in stunning and vivid hand-painted cityscapes!
7815 | Are you ready to immerse yourself in the exhilarating world of car parking management? Step into the shoes of a visionary entrepreneur and become the ultimate Parking Lot Tycoon! Take Charge and embark on a thrilling journey of strategy, expansion, and success.
7816 | Embark on a thrilling journey through an unforgiving desert. You'll need to gather scarce resources and utilize your strategic and management skills to build a little train capable of overcoming attacks and fires.
7817 | Welcome home to Sun Villa! After a long summer at grandpa's ranch, it's time to finish school, get a job and move into your own place. Let the adventure of life begin!
7818 | A=B is a programming puzzle game with only one instruction: A=B, which means replacing A with B.
7819 | “I’ll tell you a scary story. It’s so scary you might not be able to take it. It’s the story of the Sand Man...” This is the second title in the Strange Man series, developed by Uri Games. Unable to sleep and exhausted, Sophie wanders into a town where everything sleeps. That is where the terror begins...
7820 | Own the skies in steam-powered airships! Guns of Icarus Alliance is a team-based online game that pits co-op crews against both rival teams and an AI that learns your tactics. Players become part of the story as each battle shapes history in an ever-changing steampunk world.
7821 | At the height of World War 2, take command of German, Russian, British, American and Imperial Japanese armies on battelfields across the globe. Sudden Strike 2 expands on all aspects of the classic RTS game with new units, maps and epic campaigns.
7822 | Dog Man: Mission Impawsible brings the beloved book series to life. Help Dog Man and his friends chase down the supa bad guys in their most impawsible mission yet!
7823 | A retro-inspired, action packed, twin-stick shooter full of bullets, blood and explosions. Collect and manage your guns to exterminate jungle zombies, swarming bugs, heavy robots, slimy monsters and even space ghosts.
7824 | Two people who originally liked each other gradually drifted apart due to the conspiracy of succubus. Eventually, they slowly fell into the embrace of others, indulging in physical pleasure.
7825 | Air Traffic: Greenlight is an air-traffic-control-themed game. Direct aircraft in the area where radar coverage is limited. Prevent collisions, organize and expedite the flow of air traffic.
7826 | The world has been abandoned by its gods and is scarred from the rampage of the Titans. Humanity is struggling to regain strength. You, however, have more pressing concerns: your own life has been shattered and you must set off to reclaim what is lost amidst the darkness spreading throughout the world.
7827 | Plunge into Danger to Bring a Mysterious Island’s Secrets to the Surface!
7828 | A first-person narrative adventure game about exploring a cult compound in the remote New Mexico desert. Discover the lives of the former inhabitants -- what brought them together, what they believed, and why they ended it all.
7829 | Ride your music. Audiosurf is a music-adapting puzzle racer where you use your own music to create your own experience. The shape, the speed, and the mood of each ride is determined by the song you choose.
7830 | Take to the skies over Europe during the most dangerous days of World War II.
7831 | One fateful day, without any warning, the labyrinthine city of Orario was transformed. In the sunken Orario, Bell and his group follow the trail of the characters as dictated in the heroic tale.
7832 | Fight against an army of elemental creatures hell bent on your destruction. Compete with other players on the leaderboards to show who is the master of Repetendium !
7833 | Tanki Online is the free-to-play MMO-shooter with real-time PvP-battles. Throw yourself into furious tank battles shoulder to shoulder with other living players and master your skills – destroy enemy tanks, customize your futuristic armored vehicle and compete with tankers from all over the world.
7834 | Spirit Hunter: Death Mark II is a suspense-horror game set at a prestigious academy. When rumors circulate about supernatural occurrences at the famed Konoehara Academy in Tokyo’s H City, it’s up to the head of the Kujou family, also known as the “Spirit Doctor,” to take on the case.
7835 | Uncover the dark secrets of a gritty, tangled metropolis and battle diabolic villains with your trusty Gunbrella, a bulletproof brolly that doubles as a firearm.
7836 | Potion Tycoon is a management simulator with a witchy twist! Build and develop your very own magic shop. Manage resources, set up production lines, mix potions and sell them smartly to stay ahead of the competition. Welcome to the potion business!
7837 | Ride giant turtles and aim your weapons at hordes of enemies chasing you while you gather as many resources as you can. Pick your upgrades carefully and create strong builds to survive the long road to the Outpost!
7838 | Suzy has just moved into a new apartment with a brand new roommate who happens to photograph women in the nude. But that’s not the best secret that Geni has been keeping! And starting on this brand new day, Suzy’s going to learn that sexy secret one way or another.
7839 | Combat Arms: the Classic is a multiplayer game, free-to-play modern first-person shooter. The game is a relaunch of Combat Arms in its glory days delivering gamers a nostalgic high-quality FPS with an extensive arsenal of weapons.
7840 | Metal Max Xeno Reborn is an action JRPG with real-time battle and vehicle combat elements. Join Talis, a lone hunter, and search for allies in a vengeance-charged war against monsters & robotic enemies. Learn new skills and collect and customize tanks as you journey through a devastated world.
"7841 | Making*Lovers A story about the way love can bloom after dating begins. The focus in Making*Lovers is on the things that come after a relationship's beginning. With ""start dating, then fall in love"" as the concept, you will work towards the moment when love truly blooms."
7842 | Predators lurk, food is scarce, you must adapt - or go extinct. Evolve your species to survive and dominate as you explore the campaign or go head-to-head with the skill-based matchmaker.
7843 | A chaotic Battle Royale inside a furniture store where everything is a weapon.
7844 | Get cozy in this plant collecting and decorating game! Build a beautiful indoor garden from the ground up in your New York City apartment.
7845 | In this 2D puzzle game you have the responsibility to arrange lovely doggos in a way that fits the grid. Dogs Organized Neatly comes with 80 brand-new hand-crafted levels and a whole bunch of dogs in all shapes and sizes.
7846 | It is 1965 and the US ground war in Vietnam is in full swing. As a US Army commander, wage a counter-insurgency (COIN) war to secure the Ia Drang valley, on the border with Cambodia.
7847 | Ink and blood stain the streets of Ramezia. Witches must burn and sins must be judged. Venture forth as Sister Semilla to burn down the pillars of heresy in Minoria, an action-platformer by Bombservice, creators of Momodora.
7848 | you are a fish who does tricks
7849 | Genopanic is a pixel-art, Metroidvania-inspired adventure-platformer. Explore corridors of the space station, teeming with secrets and dangers, and engage in boss fights. Solve puzzles and uncover hidden mysteries in the dark atmosphere of a sci-fi research complex. Discover the truth with each step
7850 | Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, also known as CBT, is the use of evidence based strategies to help manage symptoms of poor mental health problems such as stress, anxiety and depression. Yuuka Kazami from the Touhou Project invites you to some mostly peaceful lessons where you grasp the basics of CBT!
7851 | A strategic, hero-drafting roguelite RPG that rewards smart positioning, player agency, and synergies-building within your party. Explore a perilous world brimming with upgrades to discover and unlock. Choose the right combination of heroes, equipment, skills, and buffs to craft your perfect team.
"7852 | Samorost 2 tells a surreal story of a space gnome whose dog just got kidnapped by mischievous aliens. Set out on a short expedition to rescue the pup, deal with curious strangers and relax to the soothing music by Tomáš ""Floex"" Dvořák."
7853 | Find over 500 hidden objects across multiple levels, coloring them along the way. There is also an exciting mini-game in the game and puzzles on the treasure island.
7854 | Assemble your party. Answer the call. Win the war. Build a deck and fight a series of turn-based combats with up to 6 party characters through the city of Dawn's Point. Each character can unlock a set of unique cards and abilities that can augment your deck in powerful, exciting ways.
7855 | When you enter a save room you know you are safe, no danger can come to you, you can relax. Take advantage of this short period of time to organize your inventory, heal your wounds and reload your weapons. Can you make all the items fit in your inventory?
7856 | This is a hot barrage shooting game. Destroy enemy planes with powerful firepower, shuttle and evade in the barrage. Various scenes with rich colors Planets, Fire Stars, Jupiter Stars, Water Stars, and huge battleships. It's time to drive a space fighter and show your strength! !
7857 | Junkyard Truck is an open-world off road driving and mechanic simulator. Build, upgrade, and maintain your old off road truck. Make money using your skills in driving, scavenging, gambling, or moonshine brewing. Try to build a truck capable of taking on the difficult challenges around the map.
7858 | Lunar's Chosen is a story heavy adult visual novel. Play as the main character through a story filled with sex, mystery, magic and beautiful women.
7859 | Check out the new Velvet Edition bundle including both Two Worlds II and Pirates of the Flying Fortress DLC.
7860 | “METAL SLUG X”, one of the most highly praised titles in the series among Metal Slug fans for its refined balance and game volume, heads out to the Steam gaming platform!
7861 | With its unique living board, Faeria is also the only card game where you can gain all 300 cards in less than 50 hours.
7862 | Embark on an epic adventure in SideQuest Hunters, an innovative Idle RPG Roguelite that plays in the corner of your screen. Designed for those who enjoy constant progression, this game allows you to venture into a magical world without interrupting your other activities.
7863 | Conquer the blue movie Olympus in this fun & kinky RPG. Collect ludicrous items, level up your stats and compete with other stars!
7864 | Legendary shoot-'em-up makes its way on the PCs! Abundant explosions, truly epic boss fights and beautifully crafted 3D environments are here to keep you entertained. Sky Force Anniversary offers single player experience and local cooperative mode for 2 players.
7865 | Unleash the power of the brush in an all new co-op adventure. Join Mickey and Oswald in an epic battle to save the magical world of Wasteland and change it forever. Interact with your favorite characters like never before in the most heroic adventure yet.
7866 | Move mountains, part the seas, and lead mortal armies to victory in Populous. Take on the powers of a mighty deity and battle for supremacy against an enemy god, using thoughtful strategy to shape the isometric world and the fate of its people.
7867 | Tower Walker is a fresh new type of addictive semi-idle auto-grinder rich with features, inspired by classic MMORPGS and RTS games with indirect control over your hero. The mysterious tower awaits!
7868 | An interactive thriller about a group of friends haunted by the memories of their past while being hunted by a relentless killer. From The Game Grumps (Dream Daddy)
7869 | Fight Japanese-folklore-inspired Yokai in a ink-brush illustrated Dungeon Crawler! Set in the moonlit city of Ido, the world has blackened under the 'Ink of Ruin' disaster. Conscript & customise your team of warriors as you venture deep into labyrinths and ink your destiny in a winding narrative...
7870 | Half a year passed since the world was destroyed by the angels —— Claudia decided to set off for the Demon Continent, but she was attacked by angels on her way. After gaining the power of the divine weapon, she was able to repel the angels.
7871 | Meet Your Maker is a building game of brutal expression and conquest. Unleash your inner evil genius in co-op or single-player to build the ultimate fortress of devious deathtraps, or take on those built by others in a high-stakes heist to steal resources essential for your survival.
7872 | The Rock Map Pack is Now Available! Join the Resistance, stand united and fight for freedom against an overwhelming military force.
7873 | An auto-RPG with strategic combat, deep crafting and programming elements, animated entirely in ASCII-art. In a realm of perpetual darkness, a single stone could change everything...
"7874 | There's nothing wrong with indulging in a little ""fowl play"" when it's Farm Frenzy 2, the all-new sequel to the smash hit of 2007! The fun never stops as you grow grass, feed chickens, collect eggs and take your produce to market."
7875 | A futuristic action game that challenges your agility as well as your aim, Ricochet features one-on-one and team matches played in a variety of futuristic battle arenas.
7876 | Inspired by classic fighting games from the 90's such as Street Fighter, Fatal Fury and The King of Fighters, 'Pocket Bravery' channels the 'Neo Geo Pocket' aesthetic for a modern fighting game with a retro twist!
7877 | Fling yourself into a mountain climbing adventure! Become the first to reach the top of the highest mountain in the world and meet eccentric characters along the way!
7878 | This VR Journey takes you to the 'behind the scenes' of the Universe. Beyond a door lies a barren landscape inhabited by strange rocky heads. Here, the maintenance and heavy lifting required keeps existence stable and temporal. You are a tourist. Don't do anything foolish.
7879 | Control the 4 players of your volleyball team. Recruit players, train them and win tournaments to become the best volleyball club.
7880 | Step into the shoes of a passenger aboard the ill-fated MS Estonia in this immersive simulation. Discover what caused the ship's demise on the tragic day of 28th September 1994. With time running out, are you able to find a way off the ship?
"7881 | ""You are the player, and must chase the Boogie Man. If you catch him, you win! And that's the happy ending, but if you don't..."" This is the third title in the Strange Man series. Keith tours a castle with his wife, Helena. Sit back, and enjoy tonight's entertainment: A horrific display of murder."
"7882 | ""Kimi ga Nozomu Eien"" returns as an Enhanced Edition! This legendary visual novel left fans emotionally wrecked for days after its release, and two decades later, its rollercoaster storyline still captivates hearts. Experience the romance that shook a generation!"
7883 | Welcome to Bloody Rally Show - a head-on smash between frenetic top-down arcade racing and hyperviolent reality TV. You must drift, boost, and blast to keep the viewers entertained and your paymasters happy. Go full throttle and drive to survive! Includes local multiplayer mayhem for up to 4 players
7884 | Classic Solitaire game, accompanied by music and kitties.
7885 | DESIGN, BUILD and MANAGE your own futuristic golf course. Keep 200 persistent visitors fed, hydrated, and happy. Defend your creation from a growing infestation of weeds with robotic workers and defensive turrets. Evolve your course into a mega resort where nobody wants to go home, EVER!
7886 | Compete with your friends in brand new quiz game (online multiplayer). Take part in crazy TV Show. Dynamite explosions, sobbing mates, ruined friendships! Sounds like fun? It will be – with Brain Show - quiz game!
7887 | Island Paradise is a survival game where you build, upgrade, customize your own island and use nearby resources to create a home for generations to come!
7888 | Here's your chance to strike it rich! Grab as much loot as you can before your pile of coins reaches the top of the window. If you move fast enough to fill the money meter, you'll score a moneybag. Collect enough bags, and you'll join the ranks of the rich and famous.
7889 | My New Memories: The Beginning tells you the story of My New Memories before you reunited with Anna and started a family. Find out how the MC turned out to be the man you know from the main game - The loving and caring husband and the protective and wonderful father!
7890 | Touch Type Tale is the strategy game you control by typing! Join a brave new era of strategy — tactical typing. Use a satisfying mesh of mechanics across a range of surprising challenges, with storybook campaigning and online play. You are Paul. (Hi there.) And the keyboard to the kingdom is yours.
7891 | Tacoma is a sci-fi narrative adventure from the creators of Gone Home. Set aboard a high-tech space station in the year 2088, explore every detail of how the station’s crew lived and worked, finding the clues that add up to a gripping story of trust, fear, and resolve in the face of disaster.
7892 | You've almost died, you lost your body. Gladly, you were saved by your old friend Xena, a genius engineer who lives on a desolate planet. Now it's time to recover and find a new goal in your life!
7893 | Wield your magical instrument and defy the mecha-goddesses of fate in this Song-Casting Story Driven Action-RPG. Explore a forbidden forest as Traveler. Help him reunite with his long lost love as you fight through abominations and solve mysterious puzzles, all while an ancient conflict unfolds.
7894 | Chess meets Fighting games. Crush your opponents in the arena and on the chessboard in this online multiplayer competitive tactical fighting game that mixes the strategic elegance of Chess with the fast-paced execution of fighting games.
7895 | Organize amazing swinger parties and match people, activities, rooms, and toys for an explosive evening. A light-hearted sex-positive puzzle romp that also supports a good cause.
7896 | Treasure Hunter Claire is the story of the titular protagonist, Claire, and her adventure through the fabled land of Alstroemeria. What treasures and riches await her as she navigates the world?
7897 | While searching for the anomaly, you find yourself trapped inside a facility on a remote sub-Arctic island. What is this place? Who built it? Why was it left abandoned? Explore the uninhabited complex you now find yourself trapped in, but be warned: you might not be as alone as you think...
7898 | Fire up your Rocket Boots and dive into high-speed parkour racing! Boost, slide, wall-run, and fly through hand-crafted levels, or create your own with the easy-to-use create mode. Play solo, challenge friends, or climb global leaderboards in async multiplayer!
7899 | A nostalgic metroidvania adventure with insane weapons, skills, and pixel gore. Ride your BMX and blast your enemies as you discover the secrets of the Wasteland.
7900 | Battle Chasers: Nightwar is an RPG inspired by the classic console greats, featuring deep dungeon diving, turn-based combat presented in a classic JRPG format, and a rich story driven by exploration of the world.
7901 | The protagonist is trapped in the world of a love game. Can you return to the real world again...? Try to escape while running away from the gal game heroine A love simulation-style survival horror game!
7902 | “Are things OK as they are?” In every second of every minute of the life the young man had lived, the same thought recurred in his mind. Looking back on his past, the girls he’d met in this peaceful life made him feel guilty, and his heart was tormented with that guilt.
7903 | Sweet southern boy Cody always dreamed of living off the land. Now he's taken over his granddaddy's farm and can begin a wonderful new life in the village of Morningdew--a notorious Gayborhood! Loaded with interactive farming and sizzling gay romance!
7904 | Free HD Jigsaw Puzzles. Enjoy relaxing atmosphere with this incredible Jigsaws. Thousands of puzzles in one free game—feels like you're solving a real puzzle! Play for free, relax, and catch the vibe with lot of features
7905 | Quit your day job, open a bar! Decorate the place, create your own beer and design your labels. Keep your kegs full and your customers happy, and never stop growing!
7906 | Compete against friends in games filled with unpredictable twists and turns. Roll the dice to gather resources and test your adaptability. Lead your kingdom to success through military power, religious knowledge, or architectural ingenuity.
7907 | This is a desktop mascot that can be placed anywhere on your desktop to bring more fun to your desktop
7908 | Sherlock Holmes has disappeared without a trace. Who can find the master of investigation? With the charming detective cat, SherloCat, tackle various nonograms. Prepare for a journey full of challenges, where each solution can bring you closer to the final answer.
7909 | The thrilling final installment of Dark One!'s hit visual novel series! Hapless protagonist Yamada is once again at the mercy of the tender depredations of the world's worst staff of nurses... and this time, it's up close and personal with the ruthless Head Nurse who dominates all the rest!
7910 | Hustle your way across ‘90s America as a runaway teen con artist. Choose how to make your scratch as you don disguises, pick pockets, and rip people off in this comedic crime-filled adventure. Experience the totally rad '90s in all its plaid and payphone glory!
7911 | Open your own coffee shop and become a barista in the cozy and colorful world of Coffee Express! A unique experience awaits you with stock tracking, realistic coffee making experience and shop customizations. Make your customers happy by making excellent coffee in your own coffee paradise!
7912 | 2045. Life's never been cheaper. Shells mean you can come back if you have money. You used to. Now you're on the bottom in a cyberpunk sprawl. Claw your way back up through wet work as a Shell Runner, in a PvE extraction looter shooter, where a gig can make you rich - or broke.
7913 | Ike had been living a quiet life in a relaxed, otherworldly world, but one day a thief and a horned sorceress invade Ike's life. How can Ike use his wits and strength to get through this difficult time and win the hearts of these beauties?
7914 | You usually play as the hero… but not this time! You're a lowly squire who's on an epic quest to get laid. Here's the catch: you've only got a few months left to find the girl of your dreams before you're shipped off to war. So git gud, get laid, and find man's greatest pleasure in Love Esquire!
7915 | Archons is a Roguelite/Survivor game where you control two characters, the Archons- simultaneously! Customize your build and abilities to fit your own unique playstyle and blast your way through enemy parasites and bosses!
"7916 | Experience the apeX of 2D action! A new era of 2D action begins now! Get ready for high-speed, stylish 2D side-scrolling action like never before. Inti Creates presents the ultimate in classic 2D action with ""Luminous Avenger iX""!"
7917 | Before man climbed down from the trees to shop in megastores and drink cappuccino, before the Earth wadded itself into a ball, there was the Island. A fragment from a long-lost planet. Upon the surface of this paradise wandered Kabuto the giant. Little does he know, it was home to others before him.
7918 | Build the ultimate legacy as the general manager of a professional hockey team!
7919 | Play as the last slime tasked with saving their home in this cute 3D action-adventure slimes-like! Customize your slime, play alone or with a friend, collect weapons and gear, battle challenging enemies and bosses, gain skills, and combine them to create your own abilities to suit your playstyle!
7920 | Breed budgies and discover hidden colour mutations in this realistic genetics simulator.
7921 | The great emperor's untimely death... Seven princesses are candidates for his succession! Who will save the empire from chaos? An online deck-growing card game where you grow your deck and fight for the Princess.
7922 | Confront Terrifying Secrets in a Haunted Japanese Inn!
7923 | Rescue colorful cats to fill your boat in a new digital adaptation of the beloved board game.
7924 | Command a true operational structure. Can you balance and prioritize three different Theatres in order to achieve your objective?
7925 | Coloring Game: Girls 2 is a sequel to the double anti-stress game (coloring by numbers plus beautiful girls).
7926 | This is a click&decrypt game. You need dive into the dark dreams of fairy tales, observe the scenes and help the fairy tale princess to escape their difficulties. but sometimes you need to make a little trouble to satisfy your evil desires and start a sweet and dark interaction with the princess.
7927 | Become a slime monster and fuck a harem of sexy girls silly with tentacles in a fully-voiced erotic visual novel story!
7928 | Short, thought-provoking adventure where you are a News Editor and decide what stories get published, set in a fictional city where most people are genetically modified. Multiple unique endings let you share your story and see what the Headliner before you did.
7929 | A modern-day JRPG that imagines a world of war. Overcome language barriers, forge unlikely friendships, and find hope amidst conflict.
7930 | Budget Cuts is a VR stealth game where you dexterously zip, sneak or rambo your way forward through thrilling, oil-splatter filled combat!
7931 | Dynamic, procedurally generated adventure game that puts exploration first. Build your legacy as each wayfarer will change the fate of the world. Endless replayability with a huge set of difficulty modifiers. Boasting an award-winning soundtrack, a beautiful art style, and regular updates.
7932 | Bassmaster® Fishing, the official video game is OUT NOW, bringing the thrill of competitive big bass fishing to PC. Dive into the fully licensed content from the Bassmaster series from amateur to elite events.
7933 | PAC-MAN MUSEUM+ includes 14 titles from the legendary PAC-MAN series! Play a variety of classic and nostalgic PAC-MAN games across many genres!
"7934 | ""You're a demon child. Someday, you'll be burning in hell for your sins."". This is the fourth and final title in the Strange Man series, developed by Uri Games. Will was running away from home with his mouse buddy Pop, until the two of them wandered into an abandoned building. What secrets lie hidden within?"
7935 | Hogs of War is a turn-based tactical warfare game. Take turns controlling members of your squad of hogs to engage in combat with the opposition based on World War 1. With 3D graphics, vehicles, a career-based single-player mode, and voice-over (narration and for characters) by British comedian Rik Mayall.
7936 | Fast puzzles, cute boys~! A food-themed physics puzzler where you undress your waiter. A kemono game, by kemono artists.
7937 | Tails Noir Preludes is a post-noir narrative adventure with branching choices. It is an intertwined series of vignettes about change, circumstance, and consequence. Guide four characters through formative moments in their lives in a dystopian Vancouver inhabited by anthropomorphic animals.
7938 | Control space-time to fight an evil monster in this terror and science fiction journey set in a shattered but beautiful world. Bend physics, the sky and the earth itself in engaging boss-fight encounters with the full power of Unreal Engine 5 and Nvidia DLSS.
7939 | Satellite Reign is a real-time, class-based strategy game, set in an open-world cyberpunk city. You command a group of 4 agents through rain-soaked, neon-lit streets, where the law is the will of mega-corporations.
7940 | A tile-based farming game where success means maximizing yields to survive the rent, expanding your farm through random tile choices.
"7941 | The ABC Murders is an adventure and investigation game adapted from the classic Agatha Christie novel. You are the famous private detective Hercule Poirot and, once again, you find yourself up against a mysterious serial killer who goes by the name of ""ABC""."
7942 | Experience cinematic kung-fu battles in the fastest, most intense brawler the indie world has ever seen! With the unique 1:1 response system of One Finger Death Punch, players will feel the immediate feedback of every bone-crunching hit. Pay tribute to the masters using five classic kung-fu styles mixed with additional weapons.
7943 | AI Drone Simulator is an FPV drone simulator. Huge, dynamic environments. Virtual copy of your own drone. Total customization for maximum pilot power. Community sharing of drones, maps and tracks !
7944 | Earthworm Jim, spineless superhero, wriggles back into action as the Groovy Guardian of Goodness in an incredible journey of cheese-curdling proportions. Left unconscious by a massive cow-induced blow to the head and clad in his indestructible, high-tech super suit, Earthworm Jim continues the battle for truth, justice and well aerated...
7945 | Kitten Burst is an Adventure/Racing Game about a Flying Cat set in the year 200X. Explore Sites on the Web, Race through Circuits, & Battle Bullet Hell Bosses to Save Cyberspace.
7946 | Saddle up for fun in a game that combines your passion for horses with thrills and adventure! You'll be rewarded for raising horses, training champions, and saving the ranch in Petz horsez 2. Raise horses from birth and learn to feed, clean, and take care of them Earn money to buy new horses and accessories by entering challenging...
7947 | Every world needs its heroes. However unlikely they may seem. Join Wilbur, Ivo, Nate and Critter in another classic point-and-click adventure in the wicked world of Aventásia. Help them fulfill their destiny. A destiny as yet unwritten.
7948 | After the moon vanished, the fantasy world of Settlemoon lays abandoned in darkness. Re-light the skies, and provide a rest stop for adventurers in a town that updates in real time. Grow your town to attract strange visitors, and discover happened to this world.
7949 | Create your own cricket management legacy with Cricket Captain 2023. A new adaptive aggression system, designed for the modern game, puts you in control. Enhanced statistics include historical international player rankings (including all-rounders), real-world form data, and wicket keeper statistics.
7950 | Experience a Narrative Adventure where your choices and character growth truly matter. As a member of a 1793 secret society, live a tale of intrigue and manipulation on the hunt for your missing mother.
7951 | Exographer is an exploration game based on science. Become an explorer, stranded in an alien planet, and discover the secrets of an extinct civilization. Gain new powers to avoid dangers and obstacles in your journey, and use your camera to reveal particles and hidden clues.
"7952 | The first ""One Punch Man"" game finally makes its debut! Dive into a dynamic fighting game experience with beloved characters from the first Season of One Punch Man! Play as your favorite hero – or become one!"
7953 | Ghat's story is far from over: Zeno Clash 2 picks up where the deliciously brazen first game left off. After 4 years of waiting, the sequel to the surreal first-person brawler brings more variety in combat and levels, and even more bizarre storytelling into the beguiling world of Zenozoik.
7954 | RAM: the body-swapping roguelike shooter. Take control of enemies, turn them against each other in stylish combat, and swap to fresh hosts as old ones collapse to rubble.
7955 | Take charge as the ultimate racing manager, leading your GT racing team to victory. Build your team, improve your car, and deploy winning race strategies across 5 official GT leagues, including the pinnacle of endurance racing: the hypercar category! Are you ready to dominate the world of GT racing?
7956 | A young female vlogger embarks on a mission to hunt for ghosts. Her search turns out to be fruitful as she manages to encounter the paranormal. However, she now finds herself in a precarious situation, restrained and in need of figuring out how to escape.
7957 | If you thought the school system has reached its lowest levels... Think again!
7958 | Apollo 11 VR HD is the story of the greatest journey ever taken by humankind. Now you get to experience this historic event through the eyes of those who lived through it.
7959 | Spanky! is THE booty-physics party game that brings cheeky movement mechanics to chaos-filled party modes. Twerk online with up to 7 friends and slap some jiggly tush!
7960 | A lovecraftian roguelike. Dive into procedurally generated undersea caves. Collect gold, upgrade your equipment, and Feed the Deep.
7961 | It’s co-op space survival fun, Jim, but not as we know it. This Means Warp is an intense spaceship management roguelite experience for 1-4 players. Explore a procedurally generated universe, upgrade your ship, battle dangerous enemies and adapt your strategies to survive in a hostile galaxy.
7962 | Cricket 22 delivers the Ashes, the Big Bash, The Hundred, and a multitude of other fan-favourite competitions! All-new mechanics, commentary, and a captivating, narrative driven career mode, will immediately immerse you in the ultimate cricket experience to date.
7963 | Built from the ground up for VR, Raw Data’s action gameplay, intuitive controls, challenging enemies, and sci-fi atmosphere will completely immerse you within the surreal world of Eden Corp. Go solo or team up and become the adrenaline-charged heroes of your own futuristic technothriller.
7964 | Slay hordes of enemies on thrilling missions to save the humanity from a looming demon onslaught.
7965 | Idle Commonwealth is an idle game that pays homage to the best of the idle genre. Start small, grow your commonwealth, maintain morale, establish governance, invent technologies, trade and conquer your neighbors.
7966 | It is the year 2175 and you are the pilot of a Guardian Mech. Gigantic war machines built to defend Earth from the Noxa, a ruthless alien race intent on conquering your planet. As a result of a mysterious experiment, you have been catapulted two centuries forward in time...
7967 | A young man inherits his grandfather's mansion on one condition: He can never fire the head maid. Now he is the lord of the manor, free to pursue all his perverse desires...
7968 | A pixel-art sci-fi adventure set in the midst of a rebellion against a totalitarian regime, LUNARK is a modern take on the 2D cinematic platformer genre of the '90s. Run, jump, hang, climb, roll, and shoot your way through gorgeous and mysterious locations!
7969 | Awaria is a short game about working in haunted maintenance tunnels.
7970 | Paradigm is a surreal adventure game set in the strange and post apocalyptic Eastern European country of Krusz. Play as the handsome mutant, Paradigm, whose past comes back to haunt him in the form of a genetically engineered sloth that vomits candy.
7971 | Once upon a time, a girl, her pet dog, and three companions made a journey to meet a great wizard who could grant their wishes. But what if the girl hadn’t believed that “there’s no place like home”? Explore a fairytale world through a dozen routes and 20+ endings!
7972 | 『Letters of Bernard Thorne』 is a story-driven psychological horror game about trauma. Take a seat in Bernard's motorized wheelchair. Roam around the old man's house. Discover his scarred past. Flee from his sins. Climb up the attic.
7973 | War on an Epic scale from Moscow to Berlin – this is War in the East!
7974 | There’s no way out for Alex Young who wakes up to find herself locked in a strange mansion filled with puzzles, traps, and cameras following her every move. Whether she and her companions live or die, and find the truth behind their abduction, is up to you in this first-person mystery thriller.
7975 | Prepare for terror in this ground-breaking classic old-school FPS. Following the destruction of Time you are left to battle in this horrific hellhole of multilevel interconnected missions populated by gruesome grotesque creatures.
7976 | Control the main character, Alchemist Tris. Collect the materials for the items needed to solve the problems of the villagers and have them fall in love with power of alchemy!
7977 | The Goddess of this new world has armed you with the power of rock-paper-scissors and tasked you to defeat a group of monster girl Overlords. Will you finally get the monster girl harem of your dreams, or does this sound too good to be true?
7978 | UNDEAD CITADEL immerses you into an adventure where you encounter hundreds of Undead in breathtaking combats crammed with numerous foes. Slash, stab, crush, shoot or dismember with your own hands, as you find the way into the depths of the cursed citadel.
7979 | Re-experience the thrill and challenges of managing a Gladiator arena in this management/simulation game. With new content, new graphics, Quality of Life updates, and all DLCs packed into this new experience, this is how Blackthorn Arena was meant to be experienced.
7980 | In Deponia, the world has degenerated into a vast garbage dump, in which the crotchety Rufus ekes out his sorry existence.
7981 | OPEN-WORLD carjacking goes back to the '80s in this 8-BIT nostalgic throwback. Run missions! Outrun the law! Rampage the city with weapons, power-ups and vehicles!
7982 | Click & idling! Gather the hearts of cute girls and see their naughty appearance!
7983 | Martha Is Dead is a dark first-person psychological thriller, set in 1944 Italy, that blurs the lines between reality, superstition and the tragedy of war.
7984 | Defend America from an alternate-universe America using state-of-the-art 1980s military hardware in this intricate and tactical turn-based strategy game.
7985 | Puppet House is a puzzle-adventure horror with escape room elements. A freak ritual creates a killer puppet, murdering anyone who enters the ventriloquist’s mansion. Detective Rick, seeking missing locals, will soon face his greatest horror.
7986 | Misericorde: Volume One is the first part of a series of mystery visual novels set in a convent in 1482.
7987 | You have been appointed to fulfill an extremely dangerous mission, deep in enemy territory: to kill one man... the Emperor himself. Lead the revolution of the Orcs and Goblins!
7988 | Play the classic STAR WARS™ Battlefront games, online and offline in this definitive collection.
7989 | Franchise Hockey Manager returns for the 2023-24 season with plenty of additions to the deepest, most authentic hockey strategy gaming experience you can find. Choose from teams around the globe and select a team to guide to glory, including a chance at the ultimate prize, the Stanley Cup®.
7990 | In a world ravaged by war and dominated by magic, you must rise up to face the Chaos hordes. Playing solo or with up to four players in local or online co-op, choose a hero from four character classes and prepare for epic battles wielding some of the most powerful artefacts of the Old World.
7991 | You are the test subject. In this dark environment escape room, you have to solve various puzzles to escape from the research center where you are trapped. Can you find out how you got there and escape???
7992 | Welcome to SEX Police 🔞🚨, where you’re the city’s last line of defense! Take down the city’s most dangerous women, choose between justice and vice, and uncover the secrets hidden behind every interrogation. Will you clean up the streets or get entangled in the crime underworld?
7993 | When two handsome young men spot the perfect girl to be their first model and help make a name for themselves, they're determined to go for broke and make her shine—but first they'll have to get her out of her house! Can these two really give such an anti-social recluse the makeover she needs to be a star?
7994 | Welcome to the beautiful and tropical Petit Island! Relive your grandpaw's youthful adventures by exploring the island and meeting all the unique islanders in this heartwarming open-world narrative exploration game. Preserve his memories before they fade away.
7995 | You wake up in a house, alone with two beautiful girls... But no one is allowed to leave until one of you DIES. Why is this happening? What is the purpose of this “killing game”? But most importantly...WHO SHOULD DIE?!
7996 | Revisit of one of adventure gaming’s greatest classics by master storyteller Jane Jensen! Struggling bookstore owner Gabriel Knight investigates the sinister Voodoo Murders in New Orleans, discovering the secrets of his family history and unfolding his destiny in this tale of horror and suspense.
7997 | It's shoot-'em-up arcade action at its best! Use an incredible assortment of heavy artillery to blast away enemy tanks and planes, and fight your way to victory. What are you waiting for? Pull yourself up by your bootstraps and get into the action!
7998 | 18th century Paris - a city of love, lies and revolution. You are a woman of fashion trying to survive the political turmoil. Date a cast of unforgettable characters. Amass the wealth and respect you deserve. Engage in gossip that can alter the course of history, or lead you to the guillotine.
7999 | Get behind the wheel! With realistic graphics and physics, a wide selection of Argentine racing cars, and various game modes, it provides an authentic and thrilling racing experience for enthusiasts.
8000 | Good Kill is an immersive FPS game where players take control of a door gunner in a military helicopter during wartime. Engage in intense combat across destructible environments, complete missions, and upgrade your helicopter and weapons to dominate the battlefield.
8001 | A minimalist roguelike village builder where you place hexagon tiles, manage resources, and command your villagers.
"8002 | An adventurer named Quem is the first person to step foot inside ""Heaven's Ladder"" in 500 years. But not long after, she's cursed by a strange, shadowy monster. Now she must reach the top of Heaven's Ladder, and hopefully, break the spell."
8003 | This is a dog-eat dog world of corruption, murder and sex – and as the new kid on the block you’re looking a little like ‘milk on the bone’!
8004 | Dōkyūsei is a seminal classic of the dating sim genre that first blew Japan's mind in 1992. This updated remake adds HD art, optional modern features, and for the first time ever, a global release.
8005 | Tales from the Dancing Moon is a life-sim RPG set in a parallel universe inspired by UK culture and fantasy novels. After the events of a shadow-beast invasion on a seaside town, complete villager quests and collect hidden diaries to understand your role in this mysterious character-driven story.
8006 | Pay back your debt to the Grim Reaper in this management simulation game! You're a monster trainer in an up-and-coming nightclub where the lovely ladies of the night are enslaved monster girls trained by you. Win your freedom back no matter what it takes!
8007 | Roll the boulder to the top.
8008 | The true rebirth of iconic beat 'em up genre in vein of old-school video games! As a simple Chinese fisherman Wei Cheng you have to avenge the death of your friends and family slaughtered in a pirate raid at your peaceful village.
8009 | Return to The 7th Guest's Stauf Mansion in this mind bending fmv puzzle game made by fans of the original series.
8010 | The classic Flash game series, compiled as the ultimate Fancy Pants fan collection - with updated visuals, loads of bonus features, and brand new Back Pages bonus levels. Follow along in Early Access, as creator Brad Borne brings these games back to their former glory. Run Fast, Run Fancy!
8011 | Assemble your robot squad, construct their AI and send them in the battle arena to see your strategy play out. Iterate, improve and repeat until you outsmart all your opponents and friends online.
8012 | An erotic slice-of-life visual novel that is just as wholesome as it is sizzling hot! Jacqueline is a single mother with bills to pay and no time for romance: until an old friend comes to her with a surprising offer.
8013 | For centuries Europe has been dominated by the church and nobility. On the shoulders of ordinary people the servants of god and the noble families justified their power and wealth. This was the incontrovertible, divine world order. A truly dark era… In the 14th Century the world order is beginning to transform itself.
8014 | After 12 long years, we're back and bringing the school festival with us!
8015 | Trackmania offers you the ultimate arcade racing universe where everything is about reaching the perfect racing time. Test your skills in over 200 tracks, experience immediate fun by challenging your friends at home (offline splitscreen) or online.
8016 | Explore a desert island full of oddities, transform into monsters you've rescued, collect mysterious spirits, and unlock mods that change up future playthroughs.
8017 | Minit is a peculiar little adventure played sixty seconds at a time.
8018 | Discover who — or what — is behind the mysterious accidents in a house full of secrets!
"8019 | What does ""youth"" mean to you? Is it a time in your life meant for having fun? For devoting yourself to a cause? For Yuu Tono, it's meant earning money and studying to build a brighter future for him and his family. But maybe the new (or maybe old?) friend who's come into his life will change that."
8020 | Find harmony in the Japanese countryside as you help Sparky uncover lost memories in this modern take on the farming and life simulator. Build a thriving homestead, cultivate new relationships, and chase your own happiness in SunnySide.
8021 | Enjoy the farmhouse gems with this solid set of 12 Farm Frenzy titles! Join Scarlett throughout all of her adventures in hundreds of farming challenges. Raise chickens, ostriches, and dolphins. Bake cakes, grow crops, and sell items at markets. It's an all-out farming assault with one of the most enjoyed series ever!
8022 | There’s no rest when survival is on the line. Step into AMC’s The Walking Dead and prepare for an onslaught of walkers as you assume the roles of your favorite characters from the show, and confront the horrors and humanity of this apocalyptic new world.
8023 | The classic character platformer is back after 13 years and newly remastered! Help Vince run, jump and fight his way through cemeteries, swamps and an evil carnival as he seeks to save his creator Madam Charmaine from the clutches of Kosmo The Inscrutable.
"8024 | “Who isn’t a baby anyway?”~You travelled to a parallel world governed by the Sovereign Brain AI. In SB Empire, you’re an adopted “one-year-old”, recognized as a ""Monarch-level"" prodigy! There will be beauties giving you a sheltered babyhood. Your brilliance and privileges will change their fates!"
8025 | A hardcore, 2D action-platformer where only precision can keep you from death.
8026 | The final chapter in the Grisaia series, featuring The Seed of Blanc Aile, the overarching story's grand conclusion and Prologue De La Grisaia, a prologue set before Yuuji's arrival at Mihama.
8027 | There is one rule in the game. And it needs to be broken. There is one goal. And when you attain it, you die.
8028 | Lucy, an airhead succubus spy, was sent into the elven forest to... um... what was she supposed to do?! Find out how to survive in the forest full of dangers and lustful elves. And do your best to save the day!
8029 | The Adventurers is a turn-based tactical RPG where every decision shapes your legacy. Lead your party of heroes in an open world filled with random events that affect your story. Survive a high fantasy landscape where your epic saga is waiting to be written.
8030 | “Ori and the Blind Forest” tells the tale of a young orphan destined for heroics, through a visually stunning Action-Platformer crafted by Moon Studios.
8031 | Night Delivery | 例外配達 is a psychological Japanese horror adventure game.
8032 | HOLD ON TO YOUR BUTTS! THE 8-AND 16-BIT ERA OF JURASSIC PARK GAMES HAS RETURNED, COMMEMORATING 30 YEARS OF THE ICONIC FILM!
8033 | Make mincemeat out of cults and chop heads with machetes! Old school shooter staples and gals, and a familiar difficulty level. Ye shall witness a new struggle!
8034 | Witch Hunt is a challenging horror themed hunting game that takes place in the 18th century. Main focus of the game is on exploration, non-linearity, and atmosphere.
8035 | Refreshingly adult Otome, centered around a local flower shop, it is a mature exploration of relationships, and the highs and lows romance. With twelve endings to enjoy, it is sure to make both your heart melt and your pulse race.
8036 | Your Cross-Dimensional Partner! Interact through touch, customize her outfits, and build a unique bond! Design her reactions via the Behavior Editor to craft personalized interactions, deepening your connection as you shape a truly unique companion. Creative Workshop support is now live!
8037 | Dive deep into this Lovecraft-inspired RTS survival for a second time. Assemble your strike team and manage your convoy. It's up to you to survive the onslaught of nightmares that are surely coming your way. Will you find the source of the darkness?
8038 | Warden’s Will is a fast paced movement shooter roguelite, playable solo or in up-to 3 player co-op. Choose your Warden, master unique movements and abilities, and overpower hordes of robots in intense battles. Fly, dash, smash, and turn bullet-hell into bullet-heaven!
8039 | In the distant future, the X universe faces a period of profound and irrevocable change. While the universe stumbles towards an uncertain future, countless adventures await as new enemies rise in search of power.
8040 | Game inspired by SETI. Take the role of a scientist to find an extraterrestrial signal .Control massive Radio Antennas by using interactive control in your Observatory. Detect , download and decode unknown or story telling signals. Manage and Maintain an electrical system to improve your systems and make it more efficient.
8041 | Slugs and Bugs: Conversion is essentially an adults-only sexual trainer game. As the Over-Master, you must convert the women into your loyal alien harem before the humans can save them. It allows a choice between a Story Mode or Game Mode and features corruption and transformation fetish fantasy.
8042 | The round blue Mellows return to tend to the Garden once more. Grow plants, bushes, trees, animals, water features and the great magical oak tree that has been rumored to have placed its seed there. Tend to the oak tree and grow it to the sky to harvest its Golden Acorns.
8043 | Lisa Total investigation is an adult game about corruption. Play as the future husband of Lisa, who was forced into an investigation by a mysterious Scotland Yard officer. How far will you push your fiancée to successfully complete this investigation? Beware of your most perverse desire!
8044 | Deckbuilding comes to life in Hand of Fate! An infinitely replayable series of quests - earn new cards, build your deck, then try to defeat it! In a cabin at the end of the world, the game of life and death is played. Draw your cards, play your hand, and discover your fate.
8045 | Take on the role of the attack squad and complete a variety of diverse missions ranging from apartment fires to rescuing people and many more. Get an overview of the situation at the scene and decide strategically how to tackle the upcoming tasks depending on the situation!
8046 | Adjust your bike's configuration like a mechanic and win a race with the new Pro Physics. Practice in the Compound, a vast area where you can freely explore or compete against the AI. All the official tracks and riders from the 2017 season await you!
8047 | Control the ground movement of airplanes at various airports. As the air traffic controller, ensure the airplanes move safely and get to the stand or runway on time.
8048 | Explore the wonderful world of poetry through deceptively simple cryptograms. 10% of every purchase benefits Project Gutenberg, an online library of over 60,000 free ebooks.
8049 | Five Dates is an interactive rom-com about the unpredictable world of digital dating. With five potential female matches, Vinny explores whether compatibility, chemistry and connection is still possible in a world where physical touch is no longer an option.
8050 | Unshroud secrets hidden deep within the dark chambers of the god of shadow, Veritus’ castle. Persevere through monsters and mysteries lurking in every corner. Prepare to leave camp and journey into the castle’s lonely halls by collecting resources and equipment to make it out alive.
8051 | House Designer is a simulator that allows you to try yourself as an interior and landscape designer, using your imagination, creativity and creative ideas. Buy abandoned houses, renovate and decorate them. Give them a second life and live in them or sell them for a profit!
8052 | The war is lost, the Capitol lies in ruins, and you’re on the run! Shardpunk mixes turn-based tactical strategy with RPG, survival, and resource management as you gather your team, scavenge for resources, fight enemy hordes, and seek shelter to live another day.
8053 | A party-based RPG about a 3-piece band of dysfunctional friends who, upon signing up to a perfectly normal battle of the bands contest, become cursed with an unusual power.
8054 | Play a local Quiz game with your friends. Create your own Quiz using the Party Quiz Constructor or use the Steam Workshop to download one of the Quizzes made by the community. A fun way to test your knowledge!
8055 | Ultimate Godspeed is a party racing game. Place items on the track and bring chaos to the race! The goal: Create the shortest way for you or the most pain for your opponents.
8056 | Venture out into a huge open world to discover new bots and collect rare scrap to build them. Deploy your bots in tactical auto-battles on your quest to become the world’s greatest Botmaster.
8057 | Crusaders of the Lost Idols is an idle game of heroic awesomeness! Create a band of fighters to fight monsters, earn gold and create strategies for the perfect formations over multiple campaigns! Upgrade your heroes, collect unique gear, and unlock new Crusaders in regular new events.
8058 | Easy to learn but hard to master, Touhou Monster TD is a unique Tower defense Game. Control your character, level up and unlock tower skills and character talents, use your wisdom to defeat incoming enemies. Travel the Gensokyo, find out why the “Incident” happened this time.
8059 | A beautiful Life Sim Sandbox RPG with Cross-Platform Online COOP set on a tropical Archipelago. Build your farm, grow crops and animals, craft various items, cook dishes, gather resources, build shops and museum to attract visitors, and turn a desolate Island into a prosperous tourist destination!
8060 | Park Beyond is a theme park simulation game that gives you the freedom to create and manage the Parks of your Dreams! Whether you love to manage finances and visitor experience, or just create fun and cozy parks, the game has something in store just for you!
8061 | Destroy, smash and blast your way to victory! Use advanced weapons and vehicles to dominate the battlefield.
8062 | Combining survival horror and static wave shooting, Propagation VR will get your adrenaline pumping as you try to survive a zombie apocalypse. Armed only with your guns and your fists, fight off terrifying zombies and other multi-species mutants. Will you get out alive?
8063 | Become the captain of a flying ship! Sell items, gather resources and build your own trade company in the clouds!
8064 | Become the Captain of an interstellar cruiser and journey across the galaxy to save the Republic. During your journey you will have to make important decisions, improve the weaponry of your ship and fight against numerous enemies.
"8065 | The ""Japanese Rail Sim"" is a railway simulation game that allows you to experience a authentic railway operation with live-action images and a realistic reproduction of the driver's seat. Anyone can enjoy the feeling of being a train driver by simply operating the master controller and the brakes."
8066 | Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible Lair is a brand-new 2.5D platformer from some of the key creative talent behind 'Donkey Kong Country'. As the colourful buddy duo you must tackle a series of stunning, 2.5D levels and explore a puzzling 3D Overworld rich with secrets and surprises!
8067 | This is a story about finding love to overwrite the feelings for the one they held dearest. A girls love visual novel about summer, love and adolescence.
"8068 | ""You are outgunned. You are massively outnumbered. You must win."" These are your orders. Humanity has already fought its war against the machines -- and lost. AI death squads stand watch over every planet and every wormhole, the few remaining human settlements are held captive in orbiting bubbles, and the AIs have turned their..."
8069 | Lethal Women is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel full of spies, dominatrixes, fetishes, and sex. Sex scenes range from vanilla sex to hardcore femdom gangbangs. You're Agency’s golden agent Kris. Travel the world, fight your nemesis, and experience sex with various lethal women.
8070 | Desperate to end a bloody war, the Seven Shields Alliance—led by an elven goddess incarnate—seek out the assistance of the protagonist Vult and his Black Dog Mercenaries. He turns on them and takes control in this visual novel story of betrayal.
8071 | Some Families Keep Deadly Secrets!
8072 | Date Banger is an exhilarating 3D adult dating game where you meet stunning girls by swiping through videos. Engage in rhythm games and fun activities to charm and win over a variety of beautiful girls. Dive into a world of pleasure, unforgettable moments.
8073 | Plan the train route for the universe's most awkward space colony!
8074 | Experience the stories of Haru, Erika, and Manami, a trio of friends navigating their feelings of love, connection, and just wanting to belong.
8075 | A narrative puzzle-thriller that blurs the lines between games and books, reality and fiction, puzzles and storytelling.
8076 | I Am Dead is a charming puzzle adventure game from the creators of Hohokum and Wilmot’s Warehouse about exploring the afterlife.
8077 | 21 female elves with rich personalities are voiced by different voice actors! The main character wanders into a village of elves where only female elves live, The main character wanders into a village of female elves and has sex with all the elves in the village in order to impregnate them.
8078 | Skinwalker Hunt is a horror themed hunting game from the creator of Witch Hunt. Main focus of the game is on exploration, non-linear gameplay, and atmosphere.
8079 | Clash claws and flip opponents belly-up in physics-based crab battles! Combine dual-wielded weaponry with multiple fighting stances to create a custom fighting style. Bash, blast, scoop and pummel enemies onto their backs to achieve victory!
8080 | Experience the epic conclusion of Toaplan's legendary shooter series with Batsugun including the lauded Special version! Choose your favorite character and spaceship in this thrilling genre-defining bullet-hell action. Now on PC with modern enhancements!
8081 | Time flies and never comes back. But with an incredible 1-million-word script and 100+ original CGs, this game will take you back to when you were young, simple and pure. Go and get the love of your life back, start something new, or end everything in flame, that's for you to decide!
8082 | A faphole simulator about a girl you can control with the mouse! Enjoy as this slut animated in smooth Live2D is wrecked by your virtual cock! Plenty of status effects included!
8083 | Lucky Hunter is a deck-building auto battler Roguelike game. Your pieces are automatically played on the board, and players will focus on building unique decks and relics, making the best of the synergies between pieces to defeat increasingly powerful prey.
8084 | The spiritual successor to The Incredible Machine from its original designer and programmer. Play 100s of puzzles. Build and share elaborate contraptions with an huge variety of parts and critters.
8085 | The strongest battle sister, Leah, sent by the church to the haunted cave occupied by evil spirits! Within the dungeon, numerous lewd events await Leah. Will she be able to save the miners without violating the divine commandments?
8086 | Relax and release all stress in this isometric pixel-art game, blessed by the goddess of hot springs. Bathe together with the beautiful Sayaka, travel to various locations and enjoy a wholesome time with the Secret Hot Springs Girl.
8087 | Sign a contract in blood! Travel throughout the planes of existence slaying or befriending powerful doomlords in this wizard simulator inspired by the FMV games and dungeon crawlers of the early 90's. Learn powerful spells to solve puzzles and combat the dark forces amassing against you.
8088 | The glass sphere burst in the night of 1996. The world of distortion opened its gates and took away from you someone very important. However, in 2005, the past emerges again to hunt you once more. An atmospheric horror about love and time.
8089 | Enigmatis 3: The Shadow of Karkhala is the final chapter in the blockbuster trilogy, an exciting detective story rife with adventure, puzzles, and ancient mystery. Follow the trail of a demonic preacher and unravel the secrets of Karkhala Peak!
8090 | Desecrators is a retro FPS inspired by '90s six-degrees-of-freedom shooters. Plunder your way through the galaxy to destructive weapons and technology powerful enough to take on the ultimate heist: The legendary vaults of the Galactic Treasury.
8091 | Raise your ducklings into the ultimate team of racers in Duck Life 9, where everything is bigger, bolder & more beautiful than ever before! Embark on a quest as you journey across the huge Featherhaven Island, meeting new friends & taking on recruits to help topple the competition & take the crown!
"8092 | You’re torn between a girl who obsessed with you and a creature. Whose words can lead you out of this endless and dangerous loop? Which ""you"" are you? Who is the real monster? Trust the right person in the right cycle to get closer to the exit, or be misled by facades, complicating your next loop."
8093 | Roguelite bullet-hell combat meets sexy anime action in Sexy Mystic Survivors, as you rise to the occasion to help gorgeous heroines destroy countless invading monsters. Plan your builds, upgrade heroines, and survive against the clock. Keep the heroines alive and they’ll be sure to reward you!
"8094 | Escape the real world for a few minutes (or a few hours) and play lo-fi digital pinball in a selection of chill, cozy, liminal locations. Try to beat high scores & unlock up to 5 tables, each one offering something new. Vaporwave Pinball is the perfect ""virtual holiday"" destination."
8095 | Ragdoll is a fun sandbox game with realistic collision physics. Launch your character as you would anywhere.
8096 | Miko-san and ninja girl blast away! The best of eccentric Japanese-style shooter is here! With online rankings!
8097 | In 1992, a brigade of the Brazilian Military Police ventured into the remote Acre region to investigate mysterious deaths caused by wild animals. Upon arrival, the soldiers found themselves cornered and must now escape from a group of hungry dinosaurs
8098 | Apotheon is a heroic action game set within the vibrant world of Ancient Greek Mythology. Ascend Mount Olympus, wrestle the divine powers from the Pantheon of Gods, and save mankind.
"8099 | Can you feel it? The beating of her heart... In a classroom after school, learn the ways of ""reflexology"" by syncing with her heart and body. In SENRAN KAGURA Reflexions, interact with your favorite shinobi heroine like never before."
8100 | Decide the fate of the world in this ingenious story-driven card game. Foretales offers a unique take on the adventure genre, with a multitude of playstyles and story paths through which you can save the world… or bring about its end.
8101 | In this fast-paced rhythm runner, every action has an explosive reaction and no amount of mayhem is too much. Take on the role of Hexplosives expert Ziggs as you rampage through the neighborhoods of Piltover!
8102 | 「Incubus」 is a 2D simulation game.
8103 | Fantastic Danmaku Festival is a Touhou Project fanfiction STG with colourful danmaku, beautiful remix music and original music. Besides the characters we know in Touhou Project, there is also a brand new original character named Nix in this game! With the Scarlet Devil mansion as their stage, the girls are soaring in the sky of Gensokyo!
8104 | Branded as a traitor for losing the princess, the young knight Luna sets out on a lonely journey to rescue the princess and clear her name.
8105 | Let one of the most thrilling adventures of your life begin!
8106 | A classic-style, turn-based RPG. After her precious family dagger is stolen, Louise tracks the thieves to the infamous town of Ruedidalia. But her situation becomes even more difficult when she is tasked with incredibly tough bounties.
8107 | Follow cat Catherine on her journey for the lost astrology papyri and learn more about her job as a witch assistant for bringing good vibes into this Earth! Let Catherine guide you through the zodiac wheel, showing you about features of each solar sign. You can also learn about your cat's sign!
8108 | Beneath Oresa, a fighting roguelike deckbuilder, takes you deep within the city to confront your foes. As a strategist, choose your cards, upgrades, and artifacts wisely, but as a fighter, turn their positioning to your advantage.
8109 | Play in the bigger, wider world of Peppa Pig, and bring your family into the story! Make pizza in Italy, walk on Hollywood Boulevard, climb the Eiffel Tower and more on your world tour. Create your own unique and dazzling family home, and discover more characters, quests and fun than ever before!
8110 | An overdose of reality can have dire consequences... Tumble down the rabbit hole and embrace your downfall with 12 endings, non linear day by day progression, sanity system and more...
8111 | A roguelike RPG with a high degree of freedom. Explore the world full of adventures, interact with its inhabitants, marry, steal, do farming and fishing, blacksmithing and forging, mix potions, build towns without being tied to any goal!
8112 | Distance is an atmospheric racing platformer. Fusing futuristic arcade racing with parkour, survive a deadly, mysterious, neon-drenched city by jumping, rotating, and flying.
8113 | Mighty Goose is a fast paced run & gun shooter starring a bounty hunter Goose. Use epic weapons and devastating war machines to battle against screen filling bosses and hordes of enemies!
8114 | Alnico Smithery is a hand-drawn, physics-based forging simulator. Mine for ore, smelt ingots, discover alloys, forge tools, and rebuild the smithery your grandfather left behind.
8115 | Agnis, the Scarlet Demonslayer, is the strongest of the demon eradication warriors battling against the calamities that plague the world. But after losing her powers, the nation is defenseless against the otherworldly attacks! To recover her lost magic, she must depend on her assistants to help her!
8116 | Dive into Mushroom Season! Customize your character, explore lush forests, and compete in thrilling mushroom picking contest. Identify mushrooms, avoid the poisonous ones, and aim for the top trophy. Are you the ultimate forager?
8117 | A bullet hell shoot 'em up featuring hololive’s Sakura Miko! hololive has been possessed by evil spirits! Combine melee and ranged combat with a variety of items to fight your friends and set them free!
8118 | Broken Roads is a story-rich, party-based RPG set in a decaying, post-apocalyptic version of the vast Australian Outback, featuring a genre-redefining morality system. Survive, form bonds, and make tough choices that will shape your dangerous yet mesmerizing 25+ hour journey across the wilds.
8119 | A 3D platforming journey, featuring a cute raccoon that must save the forest from darkness! Master dozens of different level mechanics as you run and jump through course-based worlds, saving other animals along the way.
8120 | Pilot your drill deep below the surface of a remote planet, to mine ore to refine into resources, which will be used in drill upgrades and construction of your homebase. Upgrades will allow you to drill deeper to find more types of ores. Explore caves to uncover mysteries and secrets.
8121 | Time Is Honey is a relaxing idle game where you manage bee hives. Collect unique bees by opening bee packs, take care of them in real-time and then turn it all into profit. Unlock, upgrade and customize your hives, and enjoy completing your collection of bees.
8122 | Join forces with up to 3 friends in Rotten Apple, a thrilling VR co-op zombie shooter! Face the apocalypse, tackle high-stakes challenges, and battle relentless undead hordes. Are you ready to conquer post-apocalyptic NYC together?
8123 | Interactive story about two magi trying to survive a failed ritual. Learn from their deaths and untangle the mystery before you. Guide their actions as they come to terms with their past mistakes, and find forgiveness and love for each other.
8124 | Save Monster High and join the Boo Crew by creating your authentic monster self in this spooktacular mystery adventure!
8125 | Discover an untold crime story from the mysterious youth of the famous detective Hercule Poirot.
8126 | The diabolical demon queen Karin has risen—and you’re in charge of the dungeon she calls home! Expand your budding labyrinth, train monsters to defend it, and build amenities to shake intruders down for cash before you send them packing!
8127 | By accident, you broke the seal of the mysterious book, which contains an enormous magical power that allows users to control any Yokai by defeating them and recording their names. This godly power is too much which alerts all the Yokai. You must find your own way to defeat them and survive.
8128 | Use the MOLEK-SYNTEZ to create small molecules with various pharmacological effects from the comfort of your small Romanian apartment.
8129 | Mark of the Deep is an epic pirate-themed adventure with a strong narrative and a thrilling mix of Metroidvania and Souls-Like elements. Embark on this journey, explore the mysteries of a cursed island and find your missing pirate crew!
8130 | HAELE 3D - Feet Poser Pro renders realistic and stylized foot anatomy drawing reference poses and animations. Edit every detail down to wrinkles of the soles, nail polish, veins, fingerprints and even calluses.
8131 | The intense world of Formula 1® comes alive for a new season in F1® Manager 2023. 23 races, six F1® Sprint events, new cars, new circuits including the Las Vegas Strip Circuit, new drivers, new challenges… Your legacy begins here.
8132 | Athena Crisis is a modern retro turn-based strategy game that places you in command of 40+ units in your journey across the multiverse. Embark on a challenging single-player quest or dive into the thrill of ranked or casual multiplayer modes to become the best Athena Crisis player!
8133 | Wolvesville is a multiplayer game for up to 16 players. Each game has different teams such as villagers or werewolves all fighting to be the last team standing. Use special abilities to uncover the roles of other players and convince your fellow players to work with you.
8134 | Create the perfect horse, who will be your partner in practice & competition. Care for your horse as you feed, groom & train to perfect your skills.
8135 | G-Force draws you into the adventures of an elite team of trained guinea pigs on a mission to thwart a sinister plot to destroy the world. Take control of both G-Force commander Darwin and his sidekick, Mooch, as they apply their talents to defeat an evil army of altered household appliances.
8136 | In this erotic SRPG, how you play the battles determines if the the love of our heroes blossoms or if they're torn apart. Love, loss, and gender-bending await our heroes in the dark.
8137 | Zombies left, right and center!! Will the maids be able to bring peace back to Akiba?! A shooting game aimed at restoring peace to Akiba by controlling gun-slinging maids and defeating zombies.
8138 | In Blazing Chrome, bring your best pal and kick some metal butts to free the humankind while enjoying a classic run’n’gun, fully loaded with action and exciting fights!
8139 | A game based on a simple concept: a mystery puzzle you can complete in an hour. Can you solve the cases narrated in this beautiful pixel-art adventure?
8140 | Become what you have always imagined, a rock with no responsibilities, no debt, and no worries. The only thing on your checklist is to exist and watch as time fades away...also to become the golden rock.
8141 | Burnin' Rubber 5 HD is a remastered update of one of the most played action games on the web. Unlock over 30 challenges, 50 cars and multiple explosive weapons. Master 3 different challenge modes and hone your skills to take on the biggest end boss ever.
8142 | The engineering roguelike. Construct your own skills by wiring circuits. Build crazy machines to zap the monsters and trigger satisfying chain reactions.
8143 | A mysterious muse calls upon you to investigate a Large tower in an oneiric land.
8144 | Be the drill instructor! Insult recruits with no remorse! Can you transform flabby recruits into lean war machines within 12 weeks?
8145 | Wonderland X：Next Dream is a 3D fantasy MMO client game. It is an immersive map created with great ingenuity. You can challenge countless rare and exotic beasts and create a world that belongs only to you. Dream.
8146 | The Forest Quartet is a puzzle adventure about a gone, but not forgotten, lead singer. Play her spirit and travel through 3 acts unique to the members of her band for a final farewell concert. Face their emotions, solve puzzles and fight the corruption plaguing their souls.
8147 | Control a tiny ball of grey goo with the ability to eat anything smaller than itself. The more it eats, the bigger it gets! Eat rats, dinosaurs, gladiators, samurai, pyramids, volcanoes... Everything! Soon you'll be eating the entire planet.
8148 | Grab your rifle, gaze down the scope and take aim in this stealth-action WW2 first-person shooter built exclusively for VR. With an explosive campaign, astonishing immersion, authentic weaponry, and signature gunplay from the award-winning Sniper Elite series
8149 | The land of Yamato is filled with cruel rebels, oppressive nobles, and dangerous monsters. Fight as a Hozuki samurai to bring justice to the land!
8150 | Reborn in a fantasy world you're chosen to open a Japanese-style family restaurant. Instead of buying ingredients, you spend your money rescuing 2 animal-eared girls from a dastardly slaver! Enjoy a heartwarming *tail* about the blossoming romance in the Catgirl & Doggirl Cafe.
8151 | Entertaining Arcade Game, consisting of a Series of Exciting Mini-Games with the Beautiful Furry Girls. Amazing Atmosphere, Great Music, 32 Levels with Full HD Furry Artworks. Join us! 🐺
8152 | Oldschool action open-world sci-fi with a unique storyline, frenetic battles, crude humor, loose morals and cows.
8153 | Set in World War 2, Sudden Strike offers revolutionary real-time-strategy gameplay. Command Russian, German, French, American and British armies in large scale battles including urban warfare, beach landings and aerial invasions. Whichever tactics you choose, you will find it in Sudden Strike!
8154 | Fight the ‘Stalingrad on the Yangze’, as was sometimes called the Battle for Shanghai in 1937. Play as the Chinese willing to reclaim the whole city or as the Imperial Japanese forces in their counter-attack.
8155 | Emporea is an oldschool fantasy strategy game, where cooperation with other players is necessary to achieve victory. Only the best alliance can win! Multiple realms available, with new ones starting every two weeks.
8156 | Party Panic is an online and local-multiplayer party game. Compete against your friends in the all new board game, play 30+ rapid fire minigames, race through the brutal Gauntlet, or complete the challenges on Trophy Island. There is even a built in drinking game! You'll laugh, you'll cry, it's stupid.
8157 | A platforming adventure game with a new take on combos, dare you adventure into the world of Filly Astray and face the monsters and mayhem within?!
8158 | Strategy from the front lines! Starpoint Gemini Warlords combines 3rd person capital spaceship combat with 4X strategy and RPG gameplay elements. Build mighty war fleets and send them into battle or lead them into combat yourself. Become the Warlord and conquer the Gemini system!
"8159 | ""90s Black Metal Monster Collector!"" In Gloamvault, you can charm any monster you encounter and add it to your party. Create a party with up to five minions and descend into the depths of the dungeon. Fuse any two monsters together to create stronger ones. Good luck surviving..."
8160 | Design and build custom tiny homes for various clients in this relaxing open-world building game. Create unique spaces suited to each client’s requirements, and dive into different layouts with the sandbox mode for total creative freedom.
8161 | Merchant 64 a tiny retro inspired traveling merchant game! Take control of Merchant as you buy goods at low prices and sell them in different towns at higher prices.
8162 | Tormenture is a psychological horror game where you play as a child trapped in a cursed 8-bit game with a dark secret. To survive, you must find four relics and solve reality-blurring puzzles. But beware—some creatures may escape the game and haunt you in the real world. A game within a game.
8163 | Put your entrepreneurial skills to the test in the first title in the ROI series as you create & optimise intricate production lines. As an early 20th-Century industrialist, grow your empire & adapt to an ever-changing business landscape with unexpected events that could lead to boom…or bust.
8164 | Enjoy fast-paced multiplayer gaming with Deathmatch Classic (a.k.a. DMC). Valve's tribute to the work of id software, DMC invites players to grab their rocket launchers and put their reflexes to the test in a collection of futuristic settings.
8165 | In a bid to avoid failing out of college, Olive Penn inadvertently finds themselves caught in the middle of a feud between two campus club leaders whose rivalry seemingly threatens to tear their friendship apart.
8166 | Escape the Smoky Intrigue of a Hometown Inferno!
8167 | You are going to steal a time machine. In this escape room, you have to travel through time, explore mysterious places and solve puzzles to get priceless treasures. Will you be able to make it back alive?
8168 | Beyond Galaxyland is a thrilling adventure-RPG combining cosmic exploration, strategic turn-based combat, and epic boss battle events across a vast solar system. Join Doug and his gun-toting guinea pig on an exhilarating quest to save Earth, itself.
8169 | Shoot your way through the pages of an ever-changing comic book in this fast-paced roguelike. Play solo, in local or online co-op, expand your weaponry, and upgrade your hero with each run. All that to find out why has your creator lost his faith in you and to prove him wrong.
8170 | FPV drone simulator. Destroy enemy vehicles with high-precision strikes. Simulation of electronic warfare and realistic armor model.
8171 | Conquer the ancient Greek world in Hegemony Gold: Wars of Ancient Greece, an epic strategy wargame that expands and refines the award-winning Hegemony: Philip of Macedon with brand new content and features.
8172 | Knight Squad 2 is a chaotic arcade multiplayer game for up to 8 players. Pick an eccentric knight and fight for glory with wacky weaponry. Triumph over your friends in a ridiculous amount of game modes, both offline and online.
8173 | Onechanbara Z2: Chaos is the latest entry in the Onechanbara series. Two sets of buxom vampire sisters battle through over a dozen stages of high-octane real-time swordplay. Fight off the invasion in gruesome detail, occasionally transforming into a demon for short bursts of added power and speed.
8174 | From renowned visual novel studio Key, this is the sequel to the highly acclaimed visual novel CLANNAD. Featuring a truly memorable continuation to Tomoya and Tomoyo's journey, Tomoyo After promises to draw you even further into CLANNAD's world.
8175 | An adult narrative game combining meaningful choices and real-time action, set in an intriguing contemporary nighttime setting.
8176 | Curious Expedition is a roguelike expedition simulation set in the late 19th century. Together with famous personalities you will venture on unprecedented expeditions to regions never explored before for fame, science and treasures.
8177 | Delta wakes up from the explosion。 Found the surrounding area has been overrun by zombies。 In the escape from the Institute on the way to save the strange girl named Rei。 Find out the truth about the world and lead the survivors to live through this disaster。
8178 | Lead the revolt against a bloodthirsty empire! You grew up under the iron fist of the Hegemony. Now is your chance to end their blood-fueled magic, as you forge a ragtag outlaw band into a rebel army.
8179 | Glitchhikers is a surreal journey through the spaces between places. A late night drive, a deserted airport lounge, a moonlit walk through an empty park, a quiet carriage on an overnight train. Who will you meet? What will you talk about? Where will the journey take you? Find yourself along the way.
8180 | Play as Cassiel, a foul-mouthed angel trapped in a time loop with a mission to save Heaven. Use the magical clock bestowed upon you from Death (yes, that Death, from Manual Samuel, stop asking) to jump between timelines across Heaven, Hell, Earth and Helheim to stop Heaven from going boom. Again.
8181 | Scribble It! is a multiplayer drawing and guessing game. Get in a lobby with up to 16 players and choose from thousands of official words, packaged in a variety of high-quality themes and 3 multiplayer game modes. Perfect for game nights, parties or just hanging out with friends.
8182 | Real-Time Strategy/Wargame. From World War II through the Cold War and into the future, re-live or re-imagine the tensions and crises of our recent history! Guide your nation through the era of your choice in Campaigns, Scenarios, and Sandboxes, as you make every effort to become Supreme Ruler!
8183 | Be The TOFU. The one and only Tofu action game created by a real Tofu Meister. You choose one of three varieties, and in its endless journey it gradually softens, crumbles, stews, and acquires bittern to become TOFU.
8184 | Hack, slash, shoot and loot your way through procedurally generated dungeons! Smack your enemies into spikes with your inventory sack!
8185 | Can you survive the alien onslaught? Gamers across the world will now have a chance to play the next chapter in this high-budget, high-quality series.
8186 | Punch, Grab, and Throw your friendships away in Mini Bash! Join your friends online or locally in this chaotic party brawler and compete in a variety of physics-based mini-games! Laugh, cry, and never speak to your friends again!
8187 | From the creative mind of Douglas Adams. The Starship Titanic crashes into your house and takes off with you onboard. Inhabited by malfunctioning robots and a semi-deranged parrot, you must gain control of the ship and pilot it back to Earth.
8188 | THE FINAL HOURS OF HALF-LIFE: ALYX is an interactive storybook, written by Geoff Keighley, that takes fans inside Valve Software to chronicle the company’s past decade of game development, including the return of Half-Life.
8189 | You are unemployed and living in a filthy town centre bedsit circa late 1980's Britain. There are no jobs and there is no future but you don't care because there is a betting shop, kebab house and pub right outside your front door and today is the day your benefits cheque arrives! NEW 3D RACES!
8190 | Take a deep dive into Danya’s and Brahve’s heat and romance in The Symbiant Re:Union. The events take place after two Endings of The Symbiant’s main game.
8191 | Gameplay introduction This is a casual elimination + Visual Novel game, players need to fight against different bosses, and seal different levels in the amusement park location, escape from the amusement park
8192 | Helltaker is a short game about sharply dressed demon girls.
8193 | Delve further into the world of CLANNAD and experience the stories beyond the original visual novel adventure. Known as CLANNAD Hikari Mimamoru Sakamichi de in Japan, This Steam version features high resolution assets and is translated into English for the very first time.
8194 | Find all the cars, all the drivers and all the official rallies of the 2015 FIA World Rally Championship in THE racing simulation standard. Realistic driving on different road surfaces, dynamic damage, day/night system, weather… Experience all the sensations of rally racing in WRC 5!
8195 | Prepare to inhabit a world of chivalry, class warfare and off-beat pop references. Knights of Pen & Paper 2 is a turn-based, retro style, pixel-art adventure full of danger, intrigue, death, and saving throws!
8196 | Intrigue, betrayal, deaths! A LGBT+ survival Raising Simulation in a high-fantasy royal court setting with RPG elements.
8197 | A wild tale of conspiracy, loss, friendship, and... chickens?! Two rooster detectives are about to venture into the insect underworld to uncover a worldwide conspiracy, while also battling their inherent demons in this animal noir adventure satire.
8198 | A new game in the Granblue Fantasy universe, available on Steam! This fantasy game blends fighting game action and RPG-style adventure. Throw yourself into matches or enjoy powering up your characters!
8199 | Oh hello dearie.. Babushka needs to clean up her big magical cellar. Use hag magic, or just hit stuff with your broom.
8200 | It took 2000 years for someone to make chess better!
8201 | No track is too big, no racer too small!   The PAW Patrol are on their fastest mission yet – To win the Pup Cup! Race around iconic locations including Adventure Bay, Jake’s Snowboarding Resort and The Jungle in this 4-player-championship to find out who will be crowned the winner.
8202 | When the source of the kingdoms magic is in danger, High Alchemist Nika Skylar has no choice but to intervene. Joined by a mysterious detective Skylar must act before the kingdom is plunged into darkness.
8203 | What better place to find a muse than among strangers in a bar? In a quest for inspiration, your choices will dictate how you navigate reconnecting with people from your past and helping each other towards a better present and future.
8204 | Bastard Bonds is a mature, fast-paced tactical RPG with high-end pixel art and in-depth character customization.
8205 | Vampire: The Masquerade - Coteries of New York is a narrative experience set in the rich universe of Vampire: The Masquerade 5th Edition. It presents the struggle for power between two vampiric factions - the Camarilla and the Anarchs - bathed in the night lights of the Big Apple.
8206 | To the promise we once made and the place we must return
8207 | Also known as Out Of This World™, Another World is a pioneer action/platformer that released across more than a dozen platforms since its debut in 1991. Along the years, Another World™ has attained cult status among critics and sophisticated gamers alike.
8208 | Share the love and die trying! KarmaZoo is a joyful, altruistic, cooperative platformer where up to 10 random players help each other with the unique abilities of 50 different characters - all for the sake of good Karma.
8209 | Anime Feet... A more powerful combo of words doesn't exist. Play our exclusive Puzzle formula and unlock fresh cute anime gal feet for you to appreciate UwU
8210 | Master of Magic is a classic, one of the most popular strategy games of the 90s. It is a 4X fantasy strategy game that allows you to play as an extremely powerful wizard, leading your troops and overcoming your magical opponents.
8211 | Prepare to go galactic in the biggest Duck Life adventure ever! Train up in running, flying, swimming, climbing, jumping and intelligence so you can race your way across the universe to get back your crown! Explore exotic worlds to find new training mini games and wacky duck aliens to race.
8212 | Vaporum: Lockdown, a prequel to Vaporum, is a grid-based dungeon crawler RPG in an original steampunk setting, inspired by old-school classics of the genre. Follow the story of Ellie Teller, a scientist struggling to survive disastrous events that happened in the tower of Arx Vaporum.
8213 | Casino Resort Tower is a simulation game where you build and manage a casino hotel skyscraper from the ground up. While trying to solve the problems caused by troublesome customers with a CEO that dreams about a luxury office.
8214 | Slide anywhere on your hoverboard at extreme speeds! Explore the massive open world of Jet Island! Learn to skate on any surface, swing from tall buildings, fly in ways you never knew were possible! Defeat the 4 giant boss fights! Get ready to experience complete freedom in VR!
8215 | Experience the thrill of becoming a storm chaser in Tornado: Research and Rescue! Capture twisters with a 90's VHS camera, warn towns, customise chases, and get up-close for thrilling photos. Deploy probes, collect data, and upgrade your truck, radar, and probes. Mod vehicles with Steam Workshop!
8216 | Catch this train — it’s your ticket to solving a century-old mystery!
8217 | Embark on an extraordinary adventure through the perished world of Penumbra to explore unique temples filled with increasingly difficult 3D platforming challenges, diverse enemies, quests, collectibles, and more. Slash daunting adversaries, leap through deadly traps and master the art of movement.
8218 | Internet Cafe Simulator is an internet cafe business simulation game. Build the best internet café in the world!
8219 | Lead a ninja clan in the war to unify feudal Japan!
8220 | Defeat the evil Antiochus as you fight his malefic servants in this open-world fantasy action RPG with a unique, real-time combat game-play. Crafting, fishing, hunting, cooking, talents, professions and many other things are at hand.
8221 | Use logic as your paintbrush to restore lost works of pixel art. Try the demo!
8222 | Junk, junk and even more junk. Life on the trash-planet Deponia is anything but a walk in the park. No surprise that Rufus had enough of that and hatches one ludicrous plan after the other to escape this bleak place.
8223 | Today's the grand opening of the Cartown Zoo, and there's still so much to do: zoo chow is running low, and all the baby animals are missing.
8224 | Grab a shovel and let's get digging! Join the adventure, hire miners and dig for a treasure
8225 | Patron is a survival city builder with a unique social dynamics system. Gather and produce resources, build your fledgling village into a prosperous city and navigate the intricate social tensions before they reach boiling point.
8226 | 9Dragons is a free to play MMORPG with fluid martial arts combat, lush environments, and intense PvP. Immerse yourself in a mesmerizing world set in ancient China at the beginning of martial arts chivalry.
8227 | A digital toy for skateboard loving people. Pure flow, no extra fluff.
8228 | Adventure awaits in the award-winning Action RPG debut from Runic Games! Explore the randomized depths of this boom town, collect loot, and level up to save Torchlight - and possibly the world.
8229 | Live the life of an up-and-coming superstar in this unique football career game. Start out as a 16 year old lad and work your way to the top to become a footballing legend!
8230 | Trapped by the black spherical creature Kuromaru and lost in a labyrinth filled with sexy traps!
8231 | A PIONEER OF THE BULLET HELL GENRE BY TOAPLAN IS BACK!
8232 | Drive, Shoot & Drift like NEVER before. Dash Dash is a cross-platform VR racing game with full hand driving and weapons controls. Over 100 hours of gameplay contents including story mode, regular online tournaments, 100s of achievements and trillion+ customizable parts.
8233 | Assume command of a battle fleet and deploy immediately to the Dust Zone, commander. Our main food supply station has gone dark and the United Earth Nations (UEN) needs to know why in this 4X RTS space sim. Manage your ships, control space stations, and watch your back.
8234 | Bridge Constructor: The Walking Dead combines the legendary and challenging puzzle gameplay of Bridge Constructor™ with the post-apocalyptic zombie universe of AMC’s The Walking Dead.
8235 | Adventures await in a world brought to life by realistic graphics! Experience genuine adventures in the grand world of Rebirth Online. Battle, craft, explore, and combine different types of equipment and abilities to create your own style of play.
8236 | Life has been tough for you after the tragic incident with your parents. Your way of coping has been through reliving all the good memories with them, but all the memories had a dark turn this time... will you be able to figure out why?
8237 | Ready for some chill time in space? Astrodle has you covered. Watch the numbers soar as you upgrade your ship and travel the stars. Oh, and you might just become a god.
"8238 | This is a side-scrolling shooting game in which you take control of the ""Drainus"", the Kharlal Empire's most cutting-edge fighter with the ability to absorb energy bullets, and take down the enemy ships zipping through space."
8239 | It has begun! The story of an adventurer and his sister-like companions. Brought to you by Kagura Games and Inusuku. Sister Travel is here!
8240 | The temp worker Kenta is trapped in a lab with four sexy incubus aliens from another dimension. Kenta dates Incubi, incubi date each other, and even the lab workers can get together! A long gay sci-fi yaoi/bara dating sim loaded with 400 CGs!
8241 | At university, you come across a notebook: the Sex Note. It reminds you of some manga (wink wink), and you feel ridiculous taking it with you, but it's handy to cover up the erection caused by your fantasies. You can’t resist trying it; the idea of fucking the girls you like the most turns you on.
8242 | 💋 Date beautiful women and solve tricky puzzles in Pieces of my Heart, a premium animated jigsaw puzzle game. 💋 Beautiful women are looking for love, by solving their puzzles you unlock their hearts and companionship.
8243 | A shop life simulator and management, From owning a small room above the store to selling exclusive products as the highest rated shop, or scratch lottery tickets to try your luck at winning big, In a 24/7 shop, Manage alone or with friends.
8244 | You wake in a surreal carnival, where a woman cries out to you before leaping to her death. Can either of you be saved? The denizens and devices of Strangeland answer with riddles, puzzles, and warnings of a Dark Thing lurking at the park’s peak. A new adventure from the creators of Primordia.
8245 | Renryuu is an adult fantasy RPG, with country managment features and an open world to explore.
8246 | Dozens of missions & more than 50 ship designs put you in the captain’s chair for an amazing real-time space combat experience commanding ships from the United Federation of Planets, the Klingon Empire, the Romulan Star Empire, the Hydran Kingdom, the Gorn Confederation or the Lyran Star Empire!
8247 | Adult Education is a steamy visual novel set in an adult evening school, where a sultry teacher develops an intimate interest in her female students.
8248 | A throw-back, retro-inspired, point and click adventure with chunky and beautiful pixel art
"8249 | Blood Poem: Eclipse of the Moon is a 2D Rogue Lite hyper-speed action-adventure game. In the game, you play as the heroine code-named Ishtar, also known as ""Moon"" exploring a post-apocalyptic world. Your mission is to defeat beautiful bosses and bring them back to your lab."
8250 | The fate of humanity is at stake. Use your gift of clairvoyance to see into the future and stop an apocalypse that threatens the balance between your world and the deities'.
8251 | The cult hit Kingdom Under Fire saga continues on PC in glorious HD. Control seven new heroes across fifty brutal missions of hybrid hack n’ slash action and strategy. Crush your foes, hoard their treasure, and upgrade your forces for the next battle.
8252 | Four girls find their way into an abandoned hospital, each for her own reasons. Will they manage to unravel the dark secrets hiding within, escape safely, and return to their normal, peaceful lives?
8253 | 3D escape room game with realtime graphics and physics-based puzzles.
8254 | Have you ever wanted to be president? or prime-minister? Convinced you could do a better job of running the country? Let's face it, you could hardly do a worse job than our current political leaders.
8255 | The Final Earth 2 is a vertical sci-fi city builder. Earth is unlivable, so you decide to create a space colony. Gather resources, then build and research your way to a better future! Grow your city from an exploration ship to a huge metropolis, full of advanced technology. What will you build?
8256 | The player will take on the role of Shen Hao, experiencing a journey from being a bullied student to dropping out and starting a live streaming career. The surge in digital currencies makes you an overnight millionaire. How will you choose your path and carve out a unique life story?
8257 | The enemy has invaded the territory, the motherland needs you, soldier! Gather your troops and defeat all enemies!
8258 | A wizard brawler about spell drafting and beard envy, MageQuit allows up to 10 mages to battle it out online or locally. Beards grow longer with each kill; the wizard with the longest beard after 9 rounds wins!
8259 | This game is a farm life simulation game. Players will control this young man, growing vegetables, raising livestock, and after work, go out to the village to get along with the women.
8260 | Anthophobia is a side-scrolling action survival horror. In the wake of a global plant-based pandemic, the protagonist has kept hidden in her apartment for three months. Now that her water supplies have run dry, it is time to brave the floral armageddon and seek new shelter.
"8261 | Save the world without hope. Year 2040. An action TPS where you will become one of the EDF soldiers and fight against the invaders from outer space which ruined the world. In the world settings which differs from the original ""EARTH DEFENSE FORCE"" series, more than 50 missions in five difficulties await for your challenge."
8262 | Experience stunning hand-drawn erotic scenes, deep writing and thrilling battles in Futariuum’s Gate, a story-focused visual novel, engaging deck-building card battler and roguelike RPG! Follow Maya, a well-hung futanari demon hunter and total slacker as she brings balance to Earth!
8263 | Get wrecked in this immature grown-up RPG about a trio of troublemakers stumbling their way through a giant mecha tournament. Repair and upgrade the team’s hand-me-down rig, pick up odd jobs to pay the bills, and battle the best-of-the-best all while running from the regrettable choices of the past.
8264 | Aztech Forgotten Gods, the cyber-stone universe action-adventure game that follows Achtli, a young Aztec woman, in her quest to become a hero by wielding the power of the gods.
8265 | Eternal Hope is a puzzle platformer game that follows the story of Ti’bi – a boy who must embark on a journey of love and hope to find his beloved’s soul.
8266 | You work in the cinema as an usher and accidentally fell into the Backrooms, now being trapped, needing to unravel the mysteries of the yellow rooms in order to get out of this place, but be careful, there are entities that will be in your way.
8267 | Spiral Splatter is a brain-bending arcade puzzle game that will push your hand-eye coordination to the limit with nonstop, mind-boggling puzzles!
8268 | Your village must survive for 13 days! Gather resources, expand, explore the underground for riches, and train soldiers to defend against hordes of the undead.
8269 | Disassembly and destruction physics sandbox simulator. Detailed models of objects and vehicles and their internal parts. Disassemble objects successfully to unlock weapons mode and destruction. Fight evil mannequins with everything you got in physical combat!
8270 | If Found... is a game about going home, coming out and erasing everything.
8271 | The most relaxing educational game for immersion in Greek mythology. Furry Myth 🦁 is about amazing myths of ancient Greece and charming furry characters! Chill Lofi soundtrack, relaxing gameplay and cuddly Greek Furry Goddesses. This is where the time for recreation and enjoyment begins.
8272 | Souzinengi V is a full-scale RPG that carries on the traditions of RPGs from the good old days. It was made with the challenge of seeing just how interesting battles could be with standard, 5-character, turn-based combat, and whether its character growth system would be fun while remaining simple.
8273 | Strategy co-op online multiplayer game about living on a spaceship with your roommates. You'll need to generate resources, take care of a deadly alien infestation, upgrade your appliances and build your sustainable space home. Living together is never easy, especially when you are in outer space!
8274 | An immersive, narrative videogame that retells Joel Green’s 4-year fight against cancer through about two hours of poetic, imaginative gameplay that explores themes of faith, hope and love.
8275 | KISS x CAT x GIRL! A cozy and somewhat chaotic cohabitation life! A young lady cursed into cat form needs your morning kiss every day to lift her curse! Become close through all kinds of intimate interactions, but don't forget you still need to work for your food!
8276 | PuzzleQuest: Challenge of the Warlords delivers, for the first time ever, classic puzzle-game action backed with an epic story of good vs. evil. Challenge your match 3 skills as you battle against computer opponents to save the Kingdom of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane.
8277 | Join Julian and his friends in this psychological horror experience inspired by point-n-click computer games from the early 2000s. Witness many shenanigans with characters from the infamous 98xx.
8278 | Fight for your justice in MY HERO ONE'S JUSTICE! The popular manga and anime series clashes head-to-head and Quirk-to-Quirk in this 3D arena fighter.
"8279 | Once, an old carpenter made a wish on the shooting star, making his puppet come to life; Li Yuan made a wish on the shooting star, making his sex doll come to life. And when he woke up and saw the doll, with his ""stuff"" still in her body after sex last night, opening her big eyes and talking to him, the first thought that..."
8280 | This is a retro barrage flying shooting game. Drive a space fighter plane, shuttle between planets and space stations, and use powerful firepower to destroy enemy space battleships! !
8281 | Black Mirror is a dark adventure game that details the aftermath of the tragic death of William Gordon. Playing as his grandson Samuel players must unveil the truth behind the events of that fateful, stormy night.
8282 | Sink your teeth into an action-packed educational adventure. Hungry sharks and piranhas are on the hunt for food as you SCUBA dive into the deep blue unknown. But if you can type words fast enough, they'll be zapped before they can turn you into lunch.
8283 | Build a prosperous settlement in a unique simulation of a feudal economy - each family runs their shop, owns their goods, and trades with other villagers in a free market. You will manage the land, build houses, organise events, set taxes, and balance supply and demand while engaging in diplomacy!
8284 | Kinkoi: Golden Loveriche is a Japanese-style visual novel produced by Saga Planets, a Japanese developer of romance VNs. The game won numerous awards in the year of its release in Japan for its art, music, characters, and story.
8285 | Cursorblade is a bullet hell game where you play as the cursor, fighting your way through waves of enemies. Combine weapons and items to become more powerful with your own unique builds. Slash, dodge, upgrade, and repeat!
8286 | Super Fancy Pants Adventure is a wild free-running adventure with buttery smooth platforming and a slick fountain pen!
8287 | Sit on the throne as a benevolent (or malevolent) medieval monarch of the modern age and swipe your royal controller either left or right to impose your will upon the kingdom.
8288 | You are the Ball. Escape.
8289 | This is a casual strategy game, how to avoid the devil  and guide the direction of the water droplets is the key to clear the game.
8290 | Put your love for pups to the test - we have a bunch of dogs that need their photos taken, doggone it! Photograph and catalogue the finest (and derpiest) dogs to build your career, upgrade your camera, and discover new canines. WOOF.
"8291 | From the creators of Rogue Legacy comes a ""true-cooperative"" action RPG. FULL METAL FURIES puts an emphasis on team play with a unique combat system where everyone is important. Play on the couch, alone or with friends, or make it an online party for up to four players!"
8292 | You will answer a series of questions that will reveal truths from deep within. These questions may make you uncomfortable, but with great knowledge comes great sacrifice. Can you make it all the way through The Test, and if you do, are you sure you want the answers you seek?
8293 | Build shops, craft items with hundreds of customization options, and manage your resources wisely to lead your Heroes to success. Immerse yourself as proprietor of a medieval fantasy town in a world abounding with Heroes and Monsters.
8294 | Cauldrons of War Stalingrad is the turn-based strategic wargame you will launch whenever you want your WW2 shot but don't have time for a monster strategy game.From May 1942 to November 1942 play the USSR or the Axis forces in some of the largest and bloodiest operations in history.
8295 | Descend into the grim and gritty world of Purgatory in this cover-based shooter which combines the fluidity of twin-stick controls and tactical cover usage. Dodge behind cover as you try to outgun your enemies in the unknown procedurally generated hunting grounds.
8296 | Let’s! Revolution! is a colorful roguelite puzzle mashup about stopping a narcissistic King from ruining your world. Flip tiles to uncover the hidden path to the King. Use deductive reasoning to avoid his cronies or take them all down in strategic turn-based combat.
8297 | A daring space archaeologist has just unearthed the ancient resting place of a long lost A.I. god known as Grace. Adventure with various fractured A.I. personalities as you uncover the great mystery of why she was shut down all those years ago.
8298 | A challenging adventure game with RPG-elements. Be a bug, fight other critters with swords and magic, collect powerful items such as pencils and teaspoons, meet cool characters, and up your fashion game on a journey to brew a special tea!
8299 | Built from the ground-up for Virtual Reality, Budget Cuts 2 is an action-adventure stealth game where you zip, sneak, and stab your way through enemy-filled offices, trains, warehouses, and skyscrapers to take down the evil efficiency robots at TransCorp.
8300 | Collect your favorite characters, nurture them, and have fun just watching in this hololive fan game! It's a 2D tower defense game that offers depth for dedicated players, strategic elements, and easy enjoyment for casual players.
8301 | 🦁 Indica Macjones and the brave furry heroes embark on an epic journey to find the legendary Holy Grail. Solve diverse puzzles and explore mysterious locations!
8302 | HITLER: BDSM BUNKER is third-person shooter where you have to kill zombies in the post-apocalyptic world. you will meet a lot of bloodthirsty zombies who have only one thing on their mind - to kill you, and you in turn have to kill them all.
8303 | A kinky strategic adventure game, where you can manage a fantasy trade ship and your rowdy crew! Experience a buoyant story supported by ambitious gameplay systems, sexual content and expansive modding features.
8304 | From the creators of SENRAN KAGURA, the future's wettest and wildest new sport is here! Join one of seven teams and race through Tokyo's waterways on futuristic jet machines, using water weapons to blow your opponents back onto dry land!
8305 | Follow Yamato and his friends as they navigate the friendships, rivalries, and martial arts of Kawakami Academy.
8306 | An Elusive Killer Shocks a High-Tech Lab!
8307 | Beyond Eden is a Boy's love visual novel set in the Victorian era, centering on the themes of love-hate and revenge. As protagonist Alex, the player may proceed to destroy an aristocratic family while pursuing complex relationships with 6 different male characters. Does the fall await beyond Eden?
8308 | Shift’n Slay is an amped-up turn-based tactical roguelike, where you fight your way through a cyberpunk hell step by step, trying to break a time loop engineered by corporate bastards.
8309 | Kitchen Wars is a fast-paced party game with 2-8 players that plunges players into the chaos of a restaurant, where they must engage in strategic fights and theft while serving their customers.
8310 | Only Up: LIZARDS MUST FALL is an incredible multiplayer parkour game where precision and speed are important. Jump and climb over various obstacles. Defeat the cursed Lizards. The slightest mistake can result in falling to the starting location and your Rus brothers will stop respecting you.
8311 | This is a relaxing atmospheric game where you simply watch a robot catch creatures. Place it at the edge of your screen like a vertical desktop accessory and observe the ecosystem. It’s neither an idle game with mountains of stats nor an exciting fishing game.
8312 | Defend the galaxy from vicious space pirates! Seize your foes and fire them back at their allies for devastating destruction in Toaplan's legendary horizontal arcade shooter, now on PC with all-new features and quality-of-life bonuses!
8313 | Embark on an interplanetary adventure as the first robo reporter for the Times & Galaxy, the solar system’s most trusted holopaper. You’re just an intern, but if you can get the scoop, write great stories, and impress your colleagues, maybe you'll get to keep your job!
8314 | Turn-based RPG, inspired by classic titles from the golden age of handheld gaming. But make no mistake: This ain't no f@#%ing kid's game.
8315 | Jump into this challenging retro platformer! Play as Thor, use his mighty hammer and unique items to explore the Northern Realms. Beware of mythical creatures blocking your path to become a god!
8316 | Play as 3 vampires, wield their powers wisely, and strike the right balance between your human and animal side in a heart-pounding story in which your choices will decide the fate of Boston.
8317 | A Roguelike Bubble Puzzler! Choose your school of magic and reach the top of the tower! Chill pick up and play feel and nostalgic pixel art and music. Get your staff and prepare to shoot orbastical spells !
8318 | Rapid gravity arcade action! Dash! Spin! Slam! Paint!
8319 | A legendary SHMUP influential to the best makers in the genre, Hellsinker is now available on steam in its most advanced form! Gameplay, story, graphics, and even music all united into one cohesive and highly dimensional Shoot-em-up!
8320 | Welcome to the most immersive poker simulation ever made. Live the life of a poker pro in a global Poker Tour, then join a Club and make a name for yourself in 200-player online tournaments.
8321 | Embark on a royal quest, exploring the lands outlying the matriarchy of Sharon. Discover what awaits the flaming-haired knight, Giselle and her master, Lana, as they uncover the darkest of secrets surrounding the mysteries behind their pact and the succession to the throne.
8322 | Remothered: Tormented Fathers is the pure and realistic survival horror videogame
8323 | Toonstruck combines live action, cell animation, and an all star cast: Christopher Lloyd, Ben Stein, Dan Castellaneta, Tim Curry, and Dom DeLuise, for a not-to-be-missed adventure through a zany cartoon world on the brink of total Malevalation!
8324 | Detective Penguin is the first and only physics-and-penguin-based detective game on the market. Solve cases in your own way. Interrogate suspects, find clues, or use your flippers to punch your way to the answers.
8325 | TRAPPED IN THE REALM OF DARKNESS
"8326 | ""Devil Girl"" is a game that combines love building with the Cthulhu weird style. One day, you wake up and find a beautiful girl with whom you can live happily and do all kinds of H things or explore the truths of the world…….."
8327 | There's a new girl in town! You live a mundane otaku life until one day, your new neighbor turns everything upside down. Experience a story filled with romance, comedy, and a touch of personal drama!
8328 | Evil witch decided to marry a prince. And everyone, who rejected her, she turned to frogs. Help bewitched princes to reach their brides to cure the spell with a kiss of love.
8329 | Help Fang and the gang harness the power of song in this comedic tactical RPG romp.
8330 | The Death | Thần Trùng is a Viet Nam psychological horror adventure game made by three Vietnamese people from a tiny indie studio. The game takes place in Hanoi city in 2022.
8331 | As the Nation faces invasion from the peoples it has pillaged for a century, one man defends it: Derek Rondo, the second coming of the Mercenary King Vult. He fights for his country, but plots to seize the throne for himself... A new visual novel betrayal epic begins from within!
8332 | Blindfire delivers unique FPS action in pitch-black arenas. Rely on sound and high-tech gadgets to develop your skills in new ways. Ideal for quick, high-tension matches with friends.
8333 | An adult visual novel with a fantasy, goblin, and NTR/netorare (cheating) theme.
8334 | Become a master strategist in this physics-based Real-Time Tactics game! Command minifig-inspired armies and customize strategies with hand-drawn formations. Conquer unique campaigns for all five armies and unleash massive battles in both single-player and multiplayer modes. Victory awaits!
8335 | Figment is an action-adventure game that invites you to explore a unique surreal universe filled with music, humor and multi layered narrative. Join Dusty and his ever-optimistic friend, Piper, on an adventure through the different sides of the mind seeking to restore the courage that's been lost.
8336 | Go on a short but sweet adventure into the black and white world of Japan! Enjoy the search for cats and recreate a colorful picture. 150 cute cats, Nya! are waiting for you, Nya! Play and relax, Nya!
"8337 | ""Psalm 5:9-13"" is a first-person psychological horror game with VHS effect. Be careful and attentive, there is something hiding in these rooms, something is watching from the darkness."
8338 | 👨‍🚀🚀🪐 Build and manage a space station for aliens and mecha cats! And it's the year 3020. Enjoy Endless Sandbox and Story mode!
8339 | An exploration and adventure game about wildlife sprung from the depths of the internet. An unknown power seems to upset its balance. Join forces with exotic creatures to unravel the mysteries of this universe.
8340 | Hoshina Shuuji has a secret: He has a mysterious power that allows him to perceive the emotions of others. However, he is soon to find out that he is not the only one who has something he doesn't want others to find out about as Ayachi Nene, a classmate, likewise has a secret.
8341 | This is a refreshing Chinese chess game with realistic graphics and a detailed audio tutorial that will keep you entertained, even as a novice. A variety of well-designed challenges will test your tactics. Sit back and relax, as you transform into a master of strategy.
8342 | Explore a unique and connected world. Understand its fragile balance, uncover its deepest questions, and find more than just the answers.
8343 | TROPICO RELOADED is the ultimate game compilation for hobby-dictators and those dreaming of their own Caribbean island. Tropico combines real-time strategy and simulation elements with a healthy dose of political intrigue and Caribbean flair to create a unique and critically acclaimed game experience.
8344 | Skelethrone is a challenging 2D action platformer with RPG elements inspired by games like Castlevania and Dark Souls.
8345 | An interactive text narrative where charm, charisma, and seduction will be your key tools. Angel is an alluring and confident twink- each word, each glance, has deeper meanings as the two of you spend a fleeting night's tryst with eachother.
8346 | Valiant Hearts: Coming Home continues the story started with the award-winning Valiant Hearts: The Great War. This sequel continues and concludes the story of these ordinary people thrust into the extraordinary circumstances of World War I.
8347 | Your time machine is broken. And it looks like you are stuck in the past. Try to create your own civilization and return home!
8348 | She's back just in time to do all the puzzles in your Sunday paper! It's a Khimera Nonogram adventure!
8349 | Build a game dungeon. Watch a perfectly smart AI beat it with ease. Redesign. Improve. Optimize to what seemed impossible. Outsmart the perfect AI.
8350 | Create a sprawling industrial city. Compete with other rival corporations on Titan for resources, territory, and power. Seek victory via technology, influence, warfare, or the wealth extracted from your citizens. Stake your claim to the Industries of Titan in this innovative sim/strategy game!
8351 | It's Quiz Time lets up to 8 players compete against each other to find out who the true quiz master is! Presented by Salli, the latest and greatest in quiz hosting technology, this game has over 30,000 questions ready for you, covering all the popular films, songs, books, and video games!
8352 | RiffTrax: The Game is a multiplayer party game where players compete to make bad movies funny. Do you have what it takes to be the next movie riffing genius? Grab your friends and make fun of some of the worst cinematic abominations ever created.
8353 | Armed with spirit powers unique to his lineage, Yuri teams up with Mashiro and three other heroines to explore whether humans and Tayutai can coexist peacefully. This romantic fantasy adventure tells a heartfelt tale of growth, connection, and the mysteries of love.
8354 | A relaxing puzzle game where you climb mountains by playing golf. Pick the right cards, avoid hazards and conquer over 120 summits!
"8355 | ""Illusion Box"" is the first virtual reality entertainment project of the 21st century. However, malicious rumors and computer virus infections forced the company to shut down the project. Now, the long-abandoned ""Illusion Box"" devices are being reactivated..."
8356 | Sanguine Rose is an erotic visual novel set in a gritty fantasy world. Follow a team of mercenaries as they find themselves trapped during a mission gone awry. Intrigue and debauchery await as a devious plot is set into motion!
8357 | The first game in the Utawarerumono trilogy of story-rich tactics RPGs. Into a world filled with verdant nature, populated by folk with fluffy ears and fuzzy tails, awakens Hakuowlo, a man of masked mien and missing memory.
8358 | UnderParty is an Action Platformer game. This game is made up of a very high level of difficulty. It's very violent, so be careful.
8359 | Wings of Prey is based around the large-scale aerial combat and ground military operations of World War II. Players can participate in some of the war’s most famous battles piloting fighters, battle planes and bombers across a range of thrilling missions.
8360 | Greak: Memories of Azur is a single-player puzzle platformer adventure. Azur is under threat from an enemy attack who have control of strange creatures infecting the land. Take on the role of three siblings: Greak, Adara and Raydel and utilize their unique abilities to escape the invasion together.
8361 | Unmatched: Digital Edition is a highly asymmetrical game of card-driven battles between epic heroes from story and myth. ⚔️ Witness clashes you've never seen before in duels or team fights. 💥 In battle, there are no equals! 💥
8362 | A pioneering tactical shooter and landmark comic book adaptation, Rogue Trooper is back, remastered and revitalised in true high definition. Experience acclaimed third-person action in this BAFTA-nominated tale of betrayal and revenge at the far reaches of the galaxy!
8363 | It's all about speed, it’s all about the competition. Choose a car that suites you and race highly competitive AI at brake neck speeds over a vast variety of locations. Unlock 48 tracks and 20 cars in Progress Mode. Local Multiplayer and Online Leaderboards.
8364 | A game that seamlessly integrates TRPG, SLG,Gacha, Idle,Rogue,anime style. Crafted by genuine players, Prepare to embark on a journey that showcases the full extent of my intellect, imagination, and sincerity. Gather your strength, forge bonds, and ascend to the throne of kingship—
8365 | Choose one of the characters and start your journey. The game has many interesting things in store: building, crafting, puzzles, bosses, mystery, laughs, quests etc.
8366 | VR was made for this. Perform triple jumps, wall runs, power slides and slow time down while blasting away at a foe before landing to deliver a blade attack on another. Kit yourself with katanas, firearms, bows, throwing glaives and legendary relics. Keep upgrading as you play. PURE CYBER NINJA FUN.
8367 | Immortal Redneck is a FPS set in Egypt with rogue-lite elements. Frantic gameplay, twitch controls and an arcade-style feel meet randomly generated dungeons, a complete skill tree, permanent death and 9 classes with different traits.
8368 | A slice of life RPG. Due to family circumstances, Keita finds himself living with his childhood friend Ryoka for the summer. Explore a contemporary Japanese setting, and enjoy spending time with Ryoka.
8369 | A puzzle game where the rooms are items and the items are rooms. Get to the goal by moving, rearranging and duplicating rooms and altering the structure of the world.
8370 | Gain new vocab while playing a game! Learn 1,000+ words & phrases in a world that regains color as you learn. Test your skills with mini-games and talk to the local villagers. Learn Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Spanish, & more…
8371 | A classic platform with a twist: A dynamic soundtrack and funny lyrics that sings the player's actions and responds to what is happening during the adventure.
8372 | Entertaining Arcade Game, consisting of a Series of Exciting Mini-Games with the Beautiful Furry Boys. Amazing Atmosphere, Great Music, 58 Levels with Full HD Furry Artworks. Join us!
8373 | Get behind the wheel of one of the most iconic trucks on the road with this highly detailed Scania R-series truck simulation by SCS Software, developers of Euro Truck Simulator 2.
8374 | Papetura is a short atmospheric adventure game, with unique world handmade entirely out of paper, and beautiful fragile music. It tells the story of two little creatures whose house is in danger of being burned down.
8375 | Fleeting, yet beautiful. The world of darkness―― The main protagonist, Cloe (name changeable) lived in a secluded town. Surrounded by wire fences, it felt like she was trapped inside a cage. Zombies were the only residents in that town, and she wasn't the exception.
8376 | The High Definition edition of Majesty Gold contains main game, the Northern Expansion Pack as well as 2 new quests and several other graphics and gameplay updates.Majesty is a Real-time strategy game with indirect control – your heroes have a will of their own!
8377 | An immersive first-person-melee RPG where you create your character and fight, talk or sneak your way out of confrontation. From concrete buildings to futuristic environments - start from the bottom and make your way through narrative missions to the top of the city in a bid for control.
8378 | Umbraclaw tells the story of Kuon, a house cat who has died in the mortal world, after she awakens in the Soulplane, a realm of the dead. She must challenge the perilous underworld to return home to her owner in this 2D action adventure.
8379 | The Queendom of Lithzena is a femdom isekai RPG, you wake up in a land dominated by monster girls and dominatrixes. Explore dungeons, customize your character, and fight with hot girls. Will you escape a world full of mean, sexy women, or would you prefer to remain as a pet forever?
8380 | Figment 2: Creed Valley is an action-adventure game set in the human mind. Face bosses in musical showdowns, make your way through puzzles, and explore unique environments.
8381 | The cute cat on your desktop. He will purr when you are tired. He will hunt the cursor when you work. He will sleep while you play.
8382 | Murder. Nothin’ nice about it. In this old school detective adventure, step into the boots of whip-smart Inspector Waffles and travel the city to track hidden clues, interrogate shady suspects, and unravel a dangerous mystery. But be warned: curiosity killed the cat...
8383 | Phantomancer is a deck-building roguelike where you summon phantoms to fight. Defeat the monsters threatening humanity and uncover the story of two sisters.
8384 | This game is a classic memory game with several levels of difficulty and beautiful arts. Enjoy ;-)
8385 | It’s just a ‘friendly fuck between friends’ right? Never mind that one of these hotties has a secret that only her bestie knows. But once they start going at it in public, everyone’s going to see that sexy secret, and how well the two can use it against each other!
8386 | Become the dictator of a remote island during the Cold War. Charm, persuade, intimidate, oppress, or cheat your people to stay in power! Are you a kind and generous leader? A corrupt and ruthless tyrant ruling with an iron fist?
8387 | Manage five farms around the world and try your hand at penguin-breeding and jewelry-making in Farm Frenzy 3! Features 95 outrageously fun levels, 30 wacky animals and more upgrades than there are ears in a corn field!
8388 | In the middle of each nation's normal training routine, a Joint Military Exercise was enacted. A select few from each nation were chosen to participate in this rigorous event. But, how did this event come to be? Are there other ulterior motives at play?
8389 | Use the radio to give commands to the soldiers on the battlefield. Keep track of the situation based on their voice reports only. Lead US platoons to clash with Vietcong in a realistic, innovative approach to the RTS genre. Make hard choices in a narrative driven experience, and face the outcome.
8390 | Chess: The Grand Strategy Game - Your Pocket Edition for Mastery and Fun!
8391 | All the thrills of the Monster Energy AMA Supercross 2018 Championship! Live the life of a pro, put yourself to the test in the Compound, tackle challenges, manage your events and attract new sponsors to earn fame and unlock new content!
8392 | Aces & Adventures is a deckbuilding RPG with poker-powered combat. Craft your deck, combining poker hands with powerful ability cards. Journey through 13 fully-voiced campaigns to save the Life Tree, or tackle procedurally-generated runs in this strategic deckbuilder unlike any other.
8393 | Touhou Blooming Chaos 2 is an brand new rogue shooter where you control a character of a varied cast to explore an all randomized labyrinth. Enjoy the excessive fun of reaping enemies and character training. With balanced difficulty, you can always find your place as either beginner or veteran!
8394 | Youkai have overrun Gensokyo! There's no resolving this incident, just try to survive! Touhou: Gensokyo Survivors is the latest take on the survivor genre, this time with the unique twist of a grid-based inventory system. Hoard as many items as possible if you want to survive!
8395 | A single-player, third person horror action-adventure game set on a remote spiritual island retreat. To survive you must craft, fight, and escape the psychedelic horrors set loose when a spiritual ritual goes wrong and awakens a dimension of cosmic terror.
8396 | Survive the galaxy's toughest prison and rise to the top of a space gang! Explore, fight, craft, trade and learn convicts' stories to escape the facility. Space Prison is a turn-based tactical survival game with deep strategy and social RPG elements.
8397 | Enjoy the memories with a beautiful maid in your dreams and heal your fatigue in reality.
8398 | An epic open-world narrative adventure through a world of monsters, traps and magic. Explore two intermeshed worlds, past and present, and create your own unique story where every decision you make is remembered. Survive, and defeat the Seven Serpents - if you can!
8399 | From the makers of Job Simulator and Vacation Simulator— Welcome to Cosmonious High! Owlchemy Labs presents an out-of-this-world VR experience with their hallmark interactivity and distinctive humor. Meet a colorful cast, adapt outrageous powers, and discover the source of the school’s malfunctions.
8400 | Vehicle Simulator is an open world flying/sailing simulator with accurate physics and dynamics, simulating well the various boats, planes and land vehicles included. The game allows the user to modify and experiment with scenery making and vehicle design by way of extreme modability, with a large library of existing mods and add-ons.
8401 | The Dungeon Lord is back – and this time he’s serious! In Dungeons 2, fulfil the Dungeon Lord’s insatiable quest for vengeance by recruiting fearsome new monsters from all corners of the underworld in order to undertake his evil bidding.
8402 | 10 SECOND NINJA X is a hardcore sidescroller. You're a ninja, there are robots, you've got ten seconds to destroy them all. Get three star ratings, climb leaderboards, discover secrets and stop Captain Greatbeard.
8403 | Beltex is a casual factory game played on a hex map. Extract numbers. Combine them using mathematical operations. Deliver them using belts across a huge map. Unlock new buildings and upgrades.
8404 | Bellfortis is a strategy game from the early Middle Ages. Expand your kingdom, use politics and power. Strategic planning on the map alternates with realtime battles of armies. Play as a grand strategy or on smaller local maps, build, recruit armies and fight!
8405 | Code Trainer is a programming practice tool. Solve coding problems and improve your understanding of computer science. Prior programming experience is required.
8406 | OutRage: Fight Fest is a hilarious 16-player beat-em-up party brawler! In short, chaotic sessions, you’ll fight through Battle Royale, Free for All and Team-based game modes. Do damage, build rage and become the best fighter in the arena!
8407 | Find love and establish your adventurers' guild in this yuri RPG / visual novel hybrid!
8408 | Paper Lily is an RPG horror game in which you can solve puzzles in different ways. Explore a hidden world, meet strange characters, and guide Lacie as she attempts to find answers about her unusual condition.
8409 | You wake up in a gloomy room. Become the test subject of a shady software program that feeds on Tower Defense - Roguelike - Deckbuilder simulations.
8410 | Adrenaline-pumping gore retro funhouse that’s full of guns, magic, demons, vertical arenas, 3D visuals, 2D sprites, and heavy metal music. Inspired by FPS classics like Quake and Doom 64, Project Warlock II is the explosive boomer shooter sequel you were too shy to ask for.
8411 | Sudeki, a world torn apart into light, shadow and dark. Rent asunder by deceit and betrayal, the land cries out for a peace that only four united heroes can bring. Beyond the protective walls of Illumina Castle lie miles of pastoral, rolling countryside, though once a serene landscape, the Aklorian forces have transformed the countryside...
8412 | Gather resources, build your base, and lead your people to victory in this captivating reimagining of classic base-building RTS, set in the Bronze Age. Secure fertile land, fend off raids, and stockpile food to generate knowledge and unlock powerful village advancements.
8413 | Earn to Die 2 is a 2D side-scrolling driving and upgrade game where you steer vehicles through a zombie apocalypse, literally smashing through zombie hordes along the way. Throughout the game you will unlock new vehicles, upgrading them into the ultimate zombie-smashing machines!
8414 | When Yokoshima finds out his office crush, Hazuki Ichinose, is transferring overseas, he realizes that he needs to act and finally ask her out.
8415 | Someone has to protect this realm... is it you? Become a guardian spirit and raise your very own Hero to stand against the Dark Lord.
8416 | You have awoken as a small god. As you accumulate the faith and souls of your followers, you will learn incredible new abilities. Protect, guide your people and smite any threats that may arise. The fate of your world is in your hands.
8417 | You are John Blade, commander of HardCorps, an elite security force dedicated to protecting the people of Freeport City. Four years have passed since your first battle with Elexis Sinclaire, a beautiful, brilliant, and ruthless scientist who is out to remake humanity according to her own twisted vision.
8418 | Diplomatic queen simulation + medieval fantasy romance. As the sole heiress to the late king, you must show that you have what it takes to rule the kingdom. Or perhaps you'd prefer to take one of your nobles as a consort?
8419 | Set sail for 17th-century British Colonial Mars in Jamestown+: a cooperative shoot-em-up for 1-4 brave souls, designed to be exciting for players of all skill levels.
8420 | The #1 rated Xbox Live Indie Game. Halo-inspired. Destructible/constructible environments. Vehicles. Zombie survival. Hookshots. Infection mode: Be the zombie & eat the dead to level up your zombie abilities. Community playdates are still hosted every week, join us!
"8421 | Become an adventurer and explore the perilous and seductive ""Dungeons""! In the bustling ""Sleepless City of Runeheim"", gather allies and create your ideal party to conquer challenges. Discover a wealth of equipment with random effects, hidden within the dungeons!"
8422 | A narrative puzzle game with themes of love, fate and time. Follow the life stories of the two main characters and influence their destinies through interactions and choices. The game combines hand-drawn style and an immersive interactive experience to explore a profound journey of love and choice.
8423 | Take on the last case of Benedict Fox and dive into a twisted world of secret organizations, forbidden rituals, and cold-blooded murders. Explore the memories of deceased victims as you search for clues and fight demons in this fantastical Lovecraftian Metroidvania.
8424 | The Yawhg is a one-to-four player choose-your-own-adventure game that randomizes a unique story every time you play. The evil Yawhg is returning. How will the town’s locals lead their lives in the meanwhile, and what will they do when the dreaded Yawhg finally arrives?
8425 | Steel Empire is a steam punk shoot'em up game featuring a frantic combat filled with powerful enemies and insane obstacles. Enjoy a beautiful world and retro game-play as you dodge and shoot your way through classical stages to fight the evil empire!
8426 | Idle Fields is an Idle Skilling Game. Grow crops, cut trees, fish, cook, purchase animals, mine, smith, and decorate your homes! Automate tasks with workers. Unlock all the achievements, level up to become richer, and complete it all!
8427 | Furry Femboys... Your dream coming true...
8428 | Join two kindred spirits, Fargus the Jester and Nikki the acrobat in a fantastic 3D world of magic and mystery as they bounce, tumble and jump through 18 massive and diverse levels in search of the Wishing Engine!Key Features:Fast-paced 3D platform action in a lush, texture-mapped environment.
8429 | Unearth Sinister Secrets in an Ancient Egyptian Tomb!
8430 | Become the legend in this golf-action-adventure and save golf in the world!
8431 | Join Koa and Napopo on a 3D platformer adventure through the islands of Mara! Outwit traps, explore the ocean, maneuver dangerous environments, and have fun in 8 wild worlds on their quest to recover stolen pirate loot.
8432 | You happened to save a MILF who happened to be the wife of your landlord, yet she had a weak character that didn't match her status – she couldn't refuse others. Having learnt that, would you take advantage and sleep with the beautiful landlady?
8433 | Forge an empire in a universe where population growth is stripping away planetary resources. Colonize unknown planets and trade with other races for their knowledge.
8434 | Dive The Depths is an action-roguelike set beneath the ocean's surface. As a humble diver, you must navigate the world filled with bizarre sea creatures, submerged ruins, and forgotten histories. Can you conquer the depths and unravel the secrets that hidden beneath the waves?
8435 | An inconveniently orphaned young man must attend an all-girls school just to survive in this comedy visual novel. His housemates took him in when he was in trouble, but now he doesn't know who's taking care of who...!
8436 | One of the greatest sci-fi strategy games of all time returns with remastered visuals, online multiplayer and near unlimited mod content from Steam Workshop. Experience thrilling first person action and acclaimed RTS in this explosive alternate vision of the 1960s space race.
"8437 | ""Father's Day"" - a psychological thriller that is a spin-off and prequel to the game ""Find Yourself"". The dream of living happily ever after was destroyed after Phil lost his wife and son. Obsessed with the desire to return them, he develops a plan."
"8438 | chatventures is a text-adventure MMORPG. you travel through a fantasy world where you interact with every thing through text commands such as ""punch"" and ""check"". each area is a different chatroom!"
"8439 | Welcome to ""Stray of Lost Cat"", a story centered around a peculiar little feline. Follow the kitten's journey as it escapes the pursuit of ""Meowdes"" while collecting soul fragments, striving to reunite with its beloved owner."
8440 | Battlevoid: Harbinger is a hard sci-fi space exploration game blending roguelike, turn-based, star map strategy, and real-time space battles. You are a young commander venturing out into enemy territories, to unknown galaxies, never knowing what you will face as you jump out from hyperspace.
8441 | A roguelike tower defense where you control a single tower to fight against hordes of aliens coming from all directions. Pick your tower, equip up to 4 skills, and choose from a variety of traits and unique effect items to craft powerful builds that lead you to victory.
8442 | What if those 'horny MILFs in your area just want to FUCK' ads were legit? This is what happens! Watch as Chizuru goes from your strict, ball-busting sensei to a slovenly cock-craving sugar mama obsessed with the protagonist's big dick!
8443 | A sport with 2.5 billion fans across the world is now in VR as iB Cricket (vSport). Step into immersive world-class stadiums with thousands cheering for you and our realistic physics makes it intuitive to learn within 10 mins. Hone your skills, compete in global tournaments & become a vSport star.
8444 | Affogato is a RPG featuring a unique 'reverse tower defense' mechanic. Play as a sorceress managing a café in Arorua. Meet customers from all walks of life, hear their stories and travel into their minds to help them defeat their inner demons. Experience a city life that exudes magic and excitement.
8445 | The protagonist is a young man named Hisora, who works several blue-collar part-time jobs. One day, he suddenly finds himself lost in a strange world. This is an otherworldly boys-love fantasy in which Hisora will risk his life to find a way back to his world.
8446 | Morningstar: Book of the Fallen is an Urban Fantasy Adult Visual Novel/RPG. A young MMA fighter's life changes forever the day he meets an Angel.
8447 | Below the Stone is an extraction roguelike about dwarves on the quest for the deepest depths. A place where each and every descent will lead to new adventures -- and where only the most determined dwarves with many lost lives will be rewarded by the hidden world lying below the stone.
8448 | RPG Stories 3D World Builder VTT lets you create any indoor or outdoor environment, then either export your maps to other VTTs or invite friends to play your tabletop RPG sessions online in 3D. It fully supports all three major TTRPG eras—Fantasy, Modern, and Sci-Fi.
"8449 | Join Hank and Larry, two small defenseless animals, as they manipulate their way through the zombie apocalypse. Meet various characters and get them to scavenge for you while guiding them to ""safety."" Make life-or-death decisions, bargain, manage inventory, trade, and gamble."
8450 | Sky Rogue is a fwooshy rogue-lite action flight simulator! Blow things up over land, sea, and air, on an infinite number of procedurally-generated islands. Go toe-to-toe with enemy aces or assault giant flying aircraft carriers, but watch out for volleys of missiles; when you die, you're dead.
8451 | A short, minimalist, experimental open-world adventure about guilt and grief. Explore, shoot, scavenge and bring a specimen to The Sanctuary. Beware PERMADEATH.
8452 | Penguin Helper is your chance to go to the South Pole, become a hero for penguins and enjoy a peaceful atmosphere
8453 | Sex with Hitler is an action-packed top-down shooter set in the midst of World War 2. You take on the role of a Hitler fighting against the enemy powers, battling through the ruins of cities and the trenches of war-torn landscapes.
8454 | Nonogram 3D: Mega puzzle is a logic and puzzle-solving game. Analyze the hints, then break and paint the puzzles to reveal hidden shapes. Inspired by nonograms (or picross), this 3D variant adds depth to the game while remaining accessible.
8455 | Teacup is a short and wholesome narrative adventure game with a focus on exploration and non-linear progression. Help a small and shy frog on her journey to find the ingredients she needs for her tea party!
8456 | The last game in the Blackwell series.
8457 | Thea: The Awakening is a turn-based strategic survival game inspired by the Slavic mythology and set in a procedural dark fantasy world infused with non-linear story and unique combat system.
8458 | Priestess Kristia has been dispatched to the pleasure city of Meipia to solve all manner of magical irregularity. Or rather, that's what she'd like to be doing, but she's a little short on money. Of course, in a city of lust and sin like this, there are methods for making some gold quickly, but...
8459 | In Crash Time - Undercover you will experience non-stop racing action, and embark on a high-octane manhunt, with thrilling car chases and lots of explosive missions! Are you ready? Highways are waiting for you!
8460 | Dive into the boundless galaxy and embark on an emotional adventure! Help little robot Emeth to fulfill a century-old promise by finding Earth in order to save Mankind—so step into the spaceship, operate a deep space telescope, and find out what’s out there in the unknown.
8461 | Expose the dark secrets and mysteries of your seemingly idyllic hometown in this romantic thriller! Will you fall in love or fall victim to its horrors?
8462 | Welcome to Kingsgrave, a dark fantasy adventure RPG. Gain more power and obtain new combat skills as you explore the fractured land, slay foes created by plague, solve puzzles and rebuild villages. Reclaim your realm!
8463 | Assemble your crew, take to the skies in the premier PvP airship combat game. Guns of Icarus Online is all about flying massive airships, shooting big turret weapons, and working as a team for supremacy of the skies. Everyone as one, victory or death, together.
8464 | Lost Technology is a simulation game in which over 100 characters comprising a total of 12 different factions battle to conquer each other’s territories. The faction chosen at the beginning will determine the conversations and events that occur throughout the game between the player and the other factions.
8465 | Explore the unique and wacky world of SUNSOFT's Ufouria in this exploration-based side-scrolling game. The levels' terrain change each time you play with new secrets to explore. Be charmed, comforted and tickled by the fluffy felt-like remake of the strange-but-cute world of Ufouria!
8466 | Battlezone: Combat Commander remasters FPS-RTS classic Battlezone II with slick new visuals, brand new achievements, Steam Workshop support and much more! The solar system is at war. Take command.
8467 | The biggest little RPG in the world. Post-apocalyptic retro space adventure with an extreme focus on role-playing and replayability. Inch wide, miles deep - intentionally short yet surprisingly deep.
8468 | Sixtar Gate: STARTRAIL is a rhythm game for keyboard set against a space exploration backdrop. Captain your science vessel alongside your navigator Shii as you explore the vast Sixtar system!
8469 | Leona is your cute and lewd maid who will do anything for her master. Join her as she teaches her master everything there is to know about love making.
8470 | This game is a classic elimination game, full of fun and challenges！ Quickly swap the positions of various cute icons on the board, and the same ones will be eliminated. Each level has different requirements, so let them eliminate more~
8471 | Master storyteller Roberta Williams challenges you to experience the ultimate interactive nightmare.
8472 | Perfect Tides is a point and click adventure game about the agony and anticipation of being a teen. Set in the year 2000, you follow Mara, an internet-obsessed young writer who lives on a so-called island paradise.
8473 | Become a writer with a drinking problem and enjoy the debauchery when you rent out the spare bedrooms in your new house to three gorgeous women. Can you romance Daisy, Lily, and Rose? Find out in this farcical adult visual novel where you make the choices!
8474 | Young gamers travel to the worlds of Cinderella, Rapunzel, Ariel, Belle, and Tiana on a quest to transform evil imps back into friendly sprites in Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure.
8475 | Step onto the gridiron with Football Simulator and experience the most dynamic and physics-driven football game ever made. Break through tackles, juggle tipped passes, and dive for interceptions to lead your team to victory. Features a fully moddable environment.
8476 | Physically accurate claw machine simulator! Win 200 unique prizes in the Fun or Realistic difficulty mode.
8477 | The Coma 2: Vicious Sisters is a Korean survival horror-adventure. Venture from your deserted school to survive the horrors of the night. Explore the surrounding Sehwa district and uncover the shadow realm's dark secrets. Use everything at your disposal to avoid a demoness hellbent on killing you!
8478 | An American geological expedition, under a UN mandate, assesses the natural resources in a distant part of Siberia, deep in the trackless steppes of Eastern Russia. But instead of oil, they discover a deposit of a hitherto unknown mineral.
8479 | Click your way to a fortune in Treasure Chest Clicker! Discover gold, level up and find all the rare treasures hidden inside the chests!
8480 | Arcane Raise is a role-playing video game franchise, wherein a group of resurrected hunters known as Shades, fight alongside humans against monsters in a post-apocalyptic world overrun by an infestation. Do you have what it takes to survive this hostile land?
8481 | Stories from the Outbreak is a turn-based roguelike zombie RPG. Lead a group of survivors from the doomed city of Riga towards a ferry sailing across the North Sea. Scavenge for supplies, battle the undead, decide the fate of your team. What are you willing to sacrifice in order to survive?
8482 | “Indecent Desires” is a very adult +18 intrigue/drama interactive game in the mould of something like the TV-series “Dallas” or “Dynasty”, with a bit of “Beverly Hills 902010” thrown into the mix (“Indecent Desires” really does feel and look like the naughty +18 lewd version of those TV-series).
"8483 | ""miniBONG"" is a lightweight rogue-like game that focuses on dress-up DIY and idle gameplay, while incorporating elements of combat, character development, and strategy.. You can feel the charm of dressing up and fighting at the same time."
"8484 | The starry sky spreads far and wide overhead... This story full of love, comedy, and excitement follows our protagonist and his stargazing friends as they grow together. ""A Sky Full of Stars"" is a coming-of-age astronomy tale by the same team who brought you ""If My Heart Had Wings""."
8485 | An old-fashioned beat 'em up with big doses of adrenaline and trippiness, somewhere between the classic style of Streets of Rage and the ultra-violence of Hotline Miami. Set in a cold, ruthless Soviet Union, Mother Russia Bleeds aims to conjure up anxiety, unease, and drug-addled frenzy.
"8486 | Tricky doors is a captivating game that offers a variety of puzzles. Find a creative way to get out of each room. Tricky doors is a point-and-click game in the ""escape the room"" genre with plenty of mini-games and complicated quests."
8487 | Left to Survive is an action shooter game with the post-apocalyptic world setting with a base building feature. Become a hero, challenge other players, join tournaments, raid bases. Would you be able to survive in a dead world?
8488 | Paranormal Night Shift is an observation and spot the anomaly game set in a haunted house in the 1980s.
8489 | Whenever mist hangs over Lake Orwell, sailors catch sight of a phantom castle just out of reach. As they draw near, it fades away, leaving only questions for all who have seen this “Castle Strangerock.” Now, you must aid your charge in uncovering its secrets...even if it costs you your very soul.
8490 | A sci-fi colony management sim with a focus on exploration, expansion, and survival. Rebuild your underground facility, manage colonists and robots, and uncover the mysteries of an alien world light-years from Earth. Dig deep, expand across the surface, and shape your new home.
8491 | Elves’ Sex Farm is a farming game that combines eroticism and business management in a fantasy world where you live a sex-filled life. Earn a fortune, collect more women, develop your home.
"8492 | A dramatic BL visual novel revolving around a man who lost his memory and a secret organization. The key game mechanics of NTY!!! is ""flag"" destroying by the will of the player, which dynamically affects the outcome of the story."
8493 | The next generation in adventure games, Syberia 3 takes you inside an enchanting, mysterious universe full of life for you to explore in 3D. Plunged into the heart of a world inhabited by a cast of interesting characters, you'll discover and experience a fabulous tale as imagined by Benoit Sokal.
8494 | Command a team of 5 elite soldiers against an alien horde of 100,000. Surrounded on all sides, you must outmaneuver and outsmart the enemy.
8495 | It’s just a red tomato wearing a silly hat. He tries to look like a cool tomb raider, rolling and jumping across the maps. Help him find all the treasures in the mystic castle, or watch him meet a variety of painful ends.
8496 | Nonograms is a relaxing puzzle game where you use logic and creativity. Your goal is to reveal hidden pictures by filling in specific grid cells, based on numerical clues provided for each row and column. The games in this genre are also known as Picross, Griddlers, Pic-a-Pix, Hanjie, etc.
8497 | Save the feuding kingdoms!
8498 | Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne is a violent, film-noir love story. Dark, tragic and intense, the in-depth story is a thrill-ride of shocking twists and revelations. Love hurts.
8499 | Sub Rosa is a multiplayer first-person shooter about tense deals, double-crosses, and the occasional high-speed car chase.
8500 | Stylish, action-adventure game featuring counter-based, non-lethal combat centered around ronin Tomoe's signature dash-counter mechanic, fighting with nothing but her bare fists to disarm her former allies, the samurai army of Shogun Akechi.
8501 | Gunforged is a goofy fantasy roguelite shooter where you create broken builds every run. Forge your guns with randomized gun parts, collect passive abilities, and embed gun-changing runes into your guns to create the ultimate build.
8502 | Psionic Sentry : Infinite is a third-person beautiful girl action shooting rougelike. The refreshing counterattack system that any player can use is the core of the game's operation. Observing the enemy's weaknesses and destroying them during battle is the focus of the game strategy.
8503 | Jets'n'Guns is a heavy piece of ground shaking rock blasting action with graphics and special effects that will blow you eyes out! Enjoy yourself in almost-insane action adventure of saving the universe from the deadly threat of more than 270 unique monsters in the campaign of 43 levels.
8504 | Face the varied challenges of the Machine God Zir in ARENA, a standalone expansion for Synthetik: Legion Rising! Leverage the next level in gun-play and experiment with powerful tech in varied action packed Arenas!
8505 | Castle of Blackwater is a 2D, action-packed, social deduction game with a magical twist. In this intense game of trust and betrayal, up to 10 strangers are trapped in a castle of danger and deception, with a mission to complete tasks and escape with their lives.
8506 | Your flight crashes after passing through a mysterious portal. As the sole survivor, you awaken to an unfamiliar land lit by stars you’ve never seen. This land is Escario. Quickly marked as the Chosen One, the Stranger of Sword City, you must defend this place, and choose your allegiances carefully...
8507 | As president of a train company, lead city growth to make your transport business prosper. The retro style, square grid map, and complete tutorials are easy on the newcomer, but veterans will find a challenge with advanced resource management, research, and the passage of time.
8508 | LA-MULANA is an “Archaeological Ruin Exploration Action Game,” bringing the classic appeal of adventure with the punishing difficulty of retro-inspired gaming. Search inside ancient ruins, seeking out the “Secret Treasure of Life” – which sleeps in the sprawling ruins of “LA-MULANA” and is said to be the beginning of all civilization.
8509 | The king of breakout games is back in a special 20th Anniversary Edition with high-res boards, new power-ups, online leaderboards, a boardset editor and more!
8510 | Mad Bullets, the wackiest shooter is here to put your reflexes and laughing muscles to an intensive test. You can forget about boring stories, complicated controls and irritating tutorials, and jump right into a mind blowing, high-speed action.
8511 | Grab the control yoke of a warplane and jump into the battlefields of World War 2 in this thrilling combat flight action game. In each of the campaigns for USA, Great Britain, USSR, Germany and Japan you will assume the role of a pilot and squadron leader of an elite air force unit.
8512 | In this Grand Strategy game, you take control of the Solar System's Great Powers in 2092 and weather the storm of change as you navigate the uncertain waters of the future. Control the greatest military forces in the world and wage wars on an epic scale: outer space is yours to conquer!
8513 | Coloring Game is a fantastic anti-stress game. Animate the pixel picture by coloring it in full!
8514 | Eagle Fang, Cobra Kai, Miyagi-do – Which is your dojo? That choice begins your journey, but then it’s up to you to recruit the most powerful team as you master your fighting style and battle to solidify your dojo’s LEGACY as the All Valley Karate Grand Champion!
8515 | What if the Warsaw Pact had attacked NATO in the mid-1980s. Or the other way around? Study this titanic conflict, within its most emblematic theater, Germany and Central Europe. Will you be able to achieve your goals without escalating into an uncontrollable nuclear conflict?
8516 | Rauniot is an isometric post-apocalyptic point and click adventure game which takes place to Northern Finland.
8517 | You got a job, which is to take care of an old man during the night in a recently purchased house; this house does not have electricity and you have to rely on some kind of hand crank generators to light the place up, but there is something in the darkness draining their power, don’t let it happen!
8518 | The Preposterous Awesomeness of Everything is a satirical point-and-click adventure game, about progress, politics and propulsive nozzles. It features fun verbs, irrelevant ducks and satirical shenanigans. I think you'll like it :)
8519 | This is a clicking adventure that simulates the real-life tapping of a Mayo Jar! You will unveil its story and (maybe) you will learn from it!
"8520 | ""This is a tale of 'flowers' that never bloom."" Shirohime, a girl who has lost her memory, and Kurofude, a mysterious boy, traverse through classic Japanese fairy tales within the land of Adabana, a realm of illustrated books. What awaits them after they mend the distorted tales?"
8521 | Ayumi, the gorgeous gun and sword-wielding treasure hunter, sets out on a journey to an ancient island in search of new adventures. While rich in bounty, the island is also filled with the magic of Chaos, being at the same time home to blood thirsty monsters.
"8522 | ""Yokai's secret"" is a decrypt game with ecchi girls. The ""Country of Yamato"" once had cherry blossoms, and Yokai lived in peace with human beings. One day, the Yokai suddenly began to riot. In order to heal the world, you, as the ""Master Hentai"", embarked on the journey."
8523 | Start your own sexy idle cafe, filling your staff with cute anime girls... and have fun with them in various sex scenes, all the while your business grows even while you are away.
8524 | The Contra Anniversary Collection brings this classic Run and Gun franchise back to modern platforms and a new generation of gamers.
8525 | A group of amazing islands need your help! Horrid plastic waste has washed up and you need to sort it out with your trusty Trash Blaster! But look out for the Litterbugs. They love mess and they’re out to muck things up.
"8526 | ""The Experiment"" is a multiplayer escape room puzzle game for virtual reality or desktop PC! You took part in an experiment that went out of control, can you escape the facilities before it's too late?"
8527 | Cauldrons of War Barbarossa is the turn-based strategic wargame you will launch whenever you want your WW2 shot but don't have time for a monster strategy game.From June 1941 until the Battle of Moscow, play the USSR or the Axis forces in one of the largest and bloodiest operations in history.
8528 | A coming-of-age romance simulation that follows the raw, relatable journey of a real loser.
8529 | When seven people fall prey to a vicious curse, they will discover that horror rests not from the shadows lurking about, but within themselves. To what ends will one go in order to survive?
"8530 | In order to recapture her homeland, Yggdra gathers her allies and confronts the empire. ""Yggdra Union"" is a tactics RPG that features three elements: the ""Union System"", in which players team up with her allies to launch attacks, the exhilarating ""Clash"" through army battles, and the ""Tactics Card""."
8531 | Experience close-quarters battles in iconic WWII settings. Defend the line, storm the beach, torch the enemy, or use a radio to call in fire support. Day of Infamy is a teamwork-oriented shooter that will keep you on your toes and coming back for more with its diverse game modes and authentic arsenal.
8532 | Soar with the wind as a shape-shifting bird. Explore worlds teeming with life. Discover and morph into hundreds of animal species. Relax and enjoy the freedom of Fugl.
8533 | Raise and train a troupe of cuddly virtual life creatures that live on a Space Station. Because they have neural network brains, Norns can be taught right from wrong, but because they also have their own, individual personalities, they may not always do what you want.
8534 | Paris in 1920, countless contradictions of nationality, class, ideology, and system supported the surface of peace. Under the shadow of bustling streets, caught between love and responsibility, what kind of choice will the Chinese student, Lian Feng, make?
8535 | A horror anthology in the Dread X Collection series. Featuring 12 new games from up-and-comers along with veterans, all wrapped up in an old, run down party venue that may be hiding more than it's letting on...
8536 | Chasmal Fear is a next-gen FPS action horror game built in Unreal Engine 5 from the perspective of a body camera. Manage limited resources, make smart choices that affect playthrough, and survive monsters that mutate to get stronger. Played as singleplayer or Co-Op with 2 players.
8537 | Return to the first fantasy role-playing epic set in the legendary Dragonlance game world of Krynn. This immortal pack includes Champions of Krynn, Death Knights of Krynn and The Dark Queen of Krynn.
8538 | You take a deep breath of salty air as the first raindrops begin to spatter the pavement, and the swollen, slate-colored clouds that blanket the sky mutter ominous portents amongst themselves over the little coastal town of Anchorhead.
8539 | Beam aboard the USS Enterprise to join Captain Kirk and his intrepid crew in this classic adventure game. Eight original missions, each styled as episodes of an imagined fourth season of Star Trek: the Original Series, featuring the voice talents of the original actors!
8540 | You are a solar-powered craft. The sun is your death timer. Hurtle towards the sunset at breakneck speed in a futile race against time. Delay the inevitable by catching speed boosts which reverse the setting sun - if only for a moment. Don't crash, stay in the light, and don't slow down!
8541 | The story is about the adventures of the witch Erika in a world filled with monsters. Erika will have to find her sisters and deal with all the obstacles along the way!
8542 | Emma`s soul is free. But her ghost has delivered a dire warning: evil still lurks in Ravenhearst Manor. Big Fish Games Studios takes you deep inside the cursed estate in Mystery Case Files: Return to Ravenhearst™, the thrilling sequel.
"8543 | The ultimate digital Vanguard experience that includes an original story set in the world of overDress! Compete with players worldwide with ""Ranked Fight,"" play solo casually with ""CPU Fight,"" and enjoy the game and experience the world of Vanguard at your own pace via many other fight modes."
8544 | Wanted: Dead is a new hybrid slasher/shooter from the makers of Ninja Gaiden and Dead or Alive. The game follows a week in life of the Zombie Unit, an elite Hong Kong police squad on a mission to uncover a major corporate conspiracy.
8545 | Advanced Tactics: Gold offers a unique and infinitely replayable wargaming experience for any strategy fan. Building off of the enormous success of Advanced Tactics: World War II, the Gold edition gives players a more powerful game editor, much improved random game engine, many new features and abilities, and more.
8546 | Swordship is a roguelike where dodging is your best weapon. Trick your enemies into killing each other, steal containers to upgrade your ship and unlock new ways to play. Dodge, dive, die, learn, repeat.
8547 | RPG turn-based combat game with deep tactics and bad jokes! Do you have what it takes to save the kingdom?
"8548 | In the near future, a technology called Brain-Machine Interface connects the brain and machines. This technology brings about a new paradigm and opens the gates to the digitization of human memory itself. From these new discoveries, ""he"" is born."
8549 | Dark Quest 2 is a turn based RPG where you control a party of heroes on your epic quest to defeat the evil sorcerer and his minions.
8550 | It’s mini golf in a dungeon (duh). Whack your way through lava, traps and monsters using a lute, your fists, or your own skeletal leg. You can even score a hole-in-none! Compete with your friends online or together to be the true Dungeon Golf champion.
8551 | Welcome to the Museum! Machinika Museum is a mystery game where you discover beautiful and mysterious machines of extra-terrestrial origins in an atmospheric galaxy-spanning 3D puzzle game. Will you be able to understand their stories and discover what happened to their previous owner?
8552 | Adapted from the bestselling children’s book series Pierre The Maze Detective, play as Pierre in this adventure/puzzle game and recover the stolen Maze Stone. Journey through breathtakingly hand-drawn illustrations, meet eccentric characters, and solve puzzles to save Opera City!
8553 | In this fast paced twin-stick roguelite platformer, you play as an unnamed child ascending an ominous clocktower in pursuit of their lost memories. Harvest and sacrifice souls to grow your power in order to challenge procedural encounter rooms and intimidating bosses!
8554 | 100 hidden cats is a hidden object game in the city setting. Black and white hand-drawn graphics in a cartoon style. Ultra hard! Really very difficult!
8555 | You can’t rise to the top without taking a few others down. If that means engaging in a workplace accidents, dodgy deals, and a shifty trick or two then so be it! You're going to need every trick in the book if you want to go from small-time slumlord to property tycoon!
"8556 | ""Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive"" is the first strategy game ever to combine a movie-based and story-driven atmosphere of an adventure game with the intellectual challenge of a real time tactic game.In this western-style title, discover a game of strategy and tactics played out in exceptional real time."
8557 | The Legend of Tianding is a sidescrolling action game about Liao Tianding, the legendary Taiwanese Folk Hero. Explore the dazzling streets of Colonial Japanese Taiwan in the early 20th century.
8558 | Please note as of October 2024, the online features for this game will no longer be supported.Xpand Rally is a breathtaking game that gives you the true to life experience of driving powerful rally cars amidst photorealistic sceneries. Realistic weather effects, rolling hills, and animated scenery all add to game's visual perfection.
8559 | Close Combat: Invasion: Normandy takes WWII realism back to the beaches of Northern France. Re-live the campaign that gave the Allies a foothold on the doorstep of Fortress Europe.
"8560 | The Minotaur King has returned...and it's all your fault! Lily's back for a new ""classic"" action-adventure set hundreds of years after The Sleeping King!"
8561 | The twin sisters Tear and Lumiere enjoy a happy life running their clinic. But when a demon abducts her sister, Tear must summon her courage to venture through worlds within magical tomes to bring her sister home safe.
8562 | It’s the year 1400- the late Middle Ages. Europe sees the dawn of the golden age of the new departures and the free spirit. Under the rule of the bourgeoisie and businessmen, more and more towns are emerging from the clutches of the aristocracy and are achieving independence, power and wealth.
8563 | A dead influencer. An obsessed detective. Three suspects. Piece the truth together by going through the victim’s phone messages, videos, and social media in the follow up to the critically acclaimed SIMULACRA.
8564 | Build a heroic hamlet that warriors and merchants can call home!
8565 | Spin Hero is a roguelike deckbuilder, where you spin the reels to decide your fate. Collect powerful symbols for your inventory, adapt and evolve your strategy, learning from defeats to unlock new possibilities and synergies.
"8566 | Select one of four protagonists, and resolve the spiriting away incident plaguing all of Gensokyo! There are over 100 allies called ""shikigami"" to recruit. Combine shikigami however you like and bring the incident to its resolution!"
8567 | Takara Cards is a unique tactical deck-builder RPG about chasing space dragons in a sci-fi fantasy universe. Create your deck as you explore sectors, fighting your way in deep puzzly combat. Every decision you make affects your Ship and Character: Each new adventure offers new surprises!
8568 | The main character, Aoi Miyamae, is asked by his twin sister, Riko, to dress up as a woman and work as a clerk at 'LingerieS', a high-end women's lingerie specialty store, in her place. Aoi discovers the depth of women's lingerie and develops a bond with the women who visit the store...
8569 | Join three heroic starfighter pilots in harrowing deep space and planetary missions to save the planet of Naboo. Rookie Naboo pilot Rhys Dallows, mercenary Vana Sage and alien pirate Nym form an unlikely alliance as they join together against an unexpected assault on the peaceful planet.
8570 | The modern digital tabletop game for fans and creators! Featuring deep customization and choice, enjoy more immersive tabletop sessions with friends than ever before. Build new rule sets for traditional games, play custom-made games by the community or create your own and share them with the world.
8571 | Set in the '90s, Kathy Rain tells the story of a strong-willed journalism major who has to come to terms with her troubled past as she investigates the mysterious death of her recently deceased grandfather.
8572 | Ren’s virginity is in danger as he is suddenly pushed into the school’s special girl's dormitory full of useless demons. Assigned as an assistant to watch over them, his happy and troublesome days as a teacher for these cute but incompetent demons has begun.
8573 | Lost at Birth tells the story of an ordinary guy with a stable job, nice house, comfortable routine, and a childless marriage—until a young woman with a birth certificate turns his life upside-down.
8574 | In ZooKeeper Simulator, there are two teams: Zookeeper vs Animals. Zookeeper must maintain the park by carrying out missions while animals must prevent them utilizing violence and pure brutality.
8575 | Evoland 2 is an unique RPG, with its graphic style and gameplay changing as you progress through a deep storyline based on time travel.
8576 | Evergate is a haunting 2D puzzle-platformer set in a stunning hand-drawn vision of the Afterlife with an original score recorded by a live orchestra. Navigate 85 challenging stages and unleash the extraordinary powers of the genre-defining 'Soulflame' to help a lost soul reincarnate on earth!
8577 | Gladiator, you are now a knight! The greatest gladiator series in the world, Swords and Sandals, has just gone medieval! Swords and Sandals moves into the middle ages in this action packed, turn-based combat RPG.
8578 | Become a DJ: Learn to DJ on Pioneer DJ equipment. Join daily workshops. Connect with community. Level up your skills. Perform to the world. Start your FREE 7 DAY TRIAL today. Access all the premium content.
8579 | Vaporum is a grid-based dungeon crawler RPG in an original steampunk setting, inspired by old-school classics of the genre. Stranded in the middle of an ocean, in front of a gigantic tower, the hero has to find out what the place is, what happened there, and most importantly, who he is.
8580 | Explore the Britannic, sister ship of the infamous Titanic, and relive her tragic sinking after striking a mine in the First World War.
8581 | Get ready to have your intellect enriched, your emotions manipulated and your mayonnaise expanded; as you unveil the stories and learn from mistakes. Our lives are too short not to be enhanced with meaningful stories like this one!
8582 | An HR management simulator about navigating workplace dynamics, hiring and training a diverse workforce, and balancing professional growth with personal life in a bustling cityscape.
"8583 | Girls, exams and the struggle to pay the rent. Experience the life of a student who failed his first semester of Game Design Course in our Dating Sim - ""Long and Hard... Summer!"". Constantly choose between studying, work and love as you try to make it through the season."
8584 | Unleash the power of specialized towers to annihilate hordes of monsters in this idle game with roguelike elements. Collect gold, level up your towers, face powerful bosses, and refine your strategy with an evolving skill tree.
8585 | THE SHORE is a first person story driven game with an atmospheric environment and narrations, You will encounter mysterious creatures and unravel the secrets behind them. Strong elements of horror, struggle to survive an unknown world that will make you question your own sanity.
8586 | You take the part of the military and political leadership, trying to lead your nation to victory, in the midst of some of the toughest operations of the Civil War. You will build, organize and command your armies over one of the largest maps of the USA ever made for a Civil War game.
8587 | Life Gallery is a puzzle game with a unique, illustration-style art design that leads the players into a world of profound horror.
8588 | King’s Bounty: Warriors of the North is the next chapter in the cult RPG/adventure saga.
8589 | Grind on bendy straws, kickflip over staplers, and carve killer lines through cardboard and sticky tape parks. Above all else, skate birds try their best!
8590 | Welcome to the world ruled over by the demons, where mankind edges on the brink of extinction. Men have paid the price in blood, leaving only the young and the elderly behind. It is up to the women to finally pick up their arms and fight for the sake of those who remains..!
8591 | Velaria wakes from a nightmare to find an abandoned orphanage. As childhood fears resurface, she must piece together lost memories and uncover a dark past. Explore, solve puzzles, and survive in this twisted place to find her true ending.
8592 | Trapped in a crumbling mansion, it’s up to you to outsmart and outlast an ancient witch hunting you down. Scavenge for items to set traps, solve puzzles and discover hidden secrets to avoid your demise. Don’t be scared: encounters with ghosts are rewarded in this horror visual novel.
8593 | Slither, coil and climb your way to the top of Haven Tor in this one of a kind physics based, puzzle platform adventure from award winning independent studio Sumo Digital!
8594 | Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas combines captivating storytelling, breathtaking 3D visuals and exciting gameplay into one epic action-adventure experience. In the game you explore the islands of Uncharted Seas, a world filled with many dangers, puzzles and secrets.
8595 | In Sea of Survivors, you can sail your ship in any direction but you can never stop moving. Evade and destroy hordes of pirates and sea monsters to gain experience, level up and choose upgrades for your ship. Explore and open world with mysterious curses, unlock treasures and fight for survival.
8596 | Discover the wild planet Ankora and explore freely around this mysterious world full of promise and danger. Craft different tools, build structures and terraform yourself a new home in this cute-as-heck survival game.
8597 | The Ninja of the Nth Dimension is back! Explore vibrant retro landscapes, discover hidden secrets and take down menacing bosses in a modern reimagining of the classic action platforming adventure Zool.
8598 | Explore cozy art studios and uncover hidden cats in this charming seek-and-find adventure. Search through beautifully illustrated creative spaces, click to collect every feline, and complete each level. Can you find them all?
8599 | Save the world of online multiplayer games from a rogue AI in this deck-building strategy roguelite! Collect more than 160 cute and colourful Bullets as you move through maps based on iconic game genres and defeat enemies in challenging turn-based combat.
8600 | Edna & Harvey are back! The award-winning adventure with high resolution visuals, new technology, intuitive controls – Experience this quirky cult classic with Edna & Harvey anew, but better than ever before!
8601 | The Search is on for an Unearthly Artifact in New Orleans!
"8602 | ""Half Billion"" is a surreal simulation business interactive game, where you will complete the entrepreneurial journey with a start-up capital of half billion. Six beauty enter your life. How will you balance the relationship? Note that ""wealth"" and ""likability"" will jointly determine the your story."
8603 | Mini-golf with traps, tricks, and tornados! Deploy your traps to mess with your opponents or find a new path to a hole-in-one! Golf Gambit is a fun and frantic mini-golf party game for up to 8 players.
8604 | OMEGA 6 The Triangle Stars is an adventure game with 16-bit styling, based on the manga by former Nintendo art director, Takaya Imamura.
8605 | Fargone is an RPG-based survival game with a strong focus on creating a living, breathing world through dynamic events, and NPC interactions. Set in a fictional land known only as The Barrens, you must survive by any means, whether that be alone or by allying yourself with a faction.
"8606 | ""Dice Player One"" is a roguelike strategy game where dice reign supreme! Roll your dice, seize pivotal moments, and transform limited chances into boundless opportunities. Conquer challenges, unearth hidden secrets, and master the art of dice manipulation!"
8607 | Race through a set of short dungeons, trying to collect the most treasures. The player who has the most coins at the end wins the game! Will you hoard your coins? Invest in stronger gear? Or perhaps try to win extra gold with one of the awards? Face off against friends or play against the computer!
8608 | Defy gravity in Orbt XL! A fast-paced, addictive, 'just-one-more-round' arcade score chaser. Stay in orbit, dodge obstacles, and rack up points, the closer you are to the black hole, the higher your score! Easy to learn, tough to master, and perfect for quick play sessions while waiting in queue.
8609 | Tune in to the show is an adult visual novel with a focus on the story and characters. As a participant in a new TV show in which you'll be living with 7 strangers for a month, spend time with a cast of diverse and fun characters, investigate mysteries, and let the romance blossom!
8610 | Helskate is a skateboarding action roguelite. Grind, perform tricks, and chain combos to power up your attacks to slay the monsters of Vertheim. Combine unique weapons and gear to suit your playstyle as you fight, die, and upgrade your abilities to come back to this labyrinth over and over again!
8611 | You were on the brink of becoming homeless, but that's when you found a sewer job application, you got accepted. What seemed like a chill work at first turned quickly in to an unsettling experience.
"8612 | ""Marion"" the little great wizard in the steampunk world. The masterpiece of the ""Psikyo Shooting""! Online rankings are available."
8613 | Explore a mysterious non-linear world filled with puzzles and secrets. Make small creatures work together to lift the curse and reconnect the world.
8614 | An asteroid the size of a small moon is on a crash course toward Earth. Once the wayward asteroid is nuked into a safe orbit, a trio conducts a routine examination of the rocky surface. What they uncover is anything but routine.
8615 | Oh no, the kingdom is preparing for war, and the princess has been captured by the Terrifying Dragon. Now you must travel through the Dreadful Forest to find the princess and fight the evil dragon. But what if the Dragon is not evil at all?..
8616 | Lead a ragtag squad of cops in rebellion against their town's new criminal power and see how long you can hold out in this unforgiving turn-based spin-off game from This Is the Police. You'll be desperately short on supplies, and a single shot can cost a cop their life.
8617 | It is a modern remake of Snow Bros. 2, a popular arcade game from 1994, and is characterized by the fact that it can be easily enjoyed by people of all ages. It also offers a variety of fun with new stages, new modes, etc., and you can also enjoy the original game.
8618 | DARQ tells the story of Lloyd, a boy who finds himself in the middle of a lucid nightmare. Unable to wake up, Lloyd has to face his fears and decipher the meaning of the dream.
8619 | Knights Within is a hack&slash horde shooter with roguelite elements. Design custom loadouts, navigate procedurally generated levels and utilize random power-ups. Either solo or with friends, can you survive endless waves of enemies to ensure humanity's survival?
8620 | A retro city smash 'em up with satisfying destruction physics. Play as a Giant Monster unleashing terror upon mankind in this modern arcade experience with the action turned up to eleven.
8621 | Set in the muddy trenches of WW1, Beyond The Wire is a 50v50 multiplayer FPS that immerses players in the desperate & brutal circumstances of the Great War. Featuring an arsenal of historic weapons, ten massive maps, ten playable factions, era-specific tanks, & a brutal melee combat system.
8622 | Major 2022 update with 10 languages and a new chapter! PAGUI is a two-chapter story based on true events from Taiwan's history. An orphan raised on temple grounds learned of his family’s past. He decided to set out on a journey to uncover his family’s past and own identity.
8623 | Join Renata as she adventures across a world of mystical ruins with the titular FROGUN! Frogun is an old-school platformer with the soul of the PS1/N64 era, in which your frog-shaped grappling hook is a your best friend!
8624 | FIRST STRIKE is a fast paced real time strategy game where you play one of the twelve biggest nuclear superpowers of the world – from known superpowers like the USA to an upstart hellraiser like North Korea – and try to be the last one remaining when the whole world blows to smithereens.
8625 | Sheryl, a novice alchemist, works with her boss and fellow alchemist, Debora. But when Debora skips out to avoid debt collectors, it's up to Sheryl to keep the atelier afloat, lest it collapse under the weight of her boss's mistakes!
"8626 | Touhou girls fight dramatic battles in the sky! A 3D fired-up battle action game based on Touhou Project! Features a ""Fired-up Battle System"", in which characters abilities change to the playing song."
8627 | How long can you survive the depths of space in this fresh revival of the classic arcade shooter, all while grooving to an original score by Megan McDuffee. Pilot solo or recruit a friend for local co-op across 30 unique challenges or the endless arcade mode.
8628 | Living with your family on a remote island, you discover a sinister purpose of your existence. Look for a way to escape your idyllic farm life. Offer your Harvest Offering to the gods to keep up with the façade. Question everything and fake your blissful farming days.
8629 | The Literature Club is full of cute girls! Will you write the way into their heart? This game is not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed.
8630 | A post-apocalyptic adventure game from the publisher that brought you Primordia, Gemini Rue and Technobabylon! A young woman stricken with a deadly plague searches for a cure in a hostile world.
8631 | Full Ace Tennis Simulator is for those seeking unequaled tennis depth and fun.
8632 | Mars Vice is a narrative adventure game set on a distant and futuristic Mars. Follow two civil investigators, Dax and Anaya, as they root out deep-seated corruption in the Martian city of Pavonis in this biopunk-infused story.
8633 | REAVER is an ultra-fast-paced FPS that endows you with the mobility and weapon mechanics to reave through arenas of killer machines with grace and efficiency. Push the boundaries of speed and style in this next-gen movement-shooter.
8634 | Mutant Alley is a gay first-person sex simulation. You are going to interact with one of their most talented soldier's: The anthropomorphic T-Rex.
8635 | The premier first-person destructive house cat simulator is back with a vengeance! Play as a mischievous cat, swat your human's possessions onto the floor, scratch up curtains, smash precious keepsakes, and show your owner who's boss.
8636 | Collect and trade goods! Plan ahead! Earn rubies and win the race to fortune! Become the best merchant in Istanbul! This faithful adaptation of one of the best board games of all time will turn you into a merchant on a journey from rags to riches. 🕌📦👳
8637 | In a world where demons exist, Kain and Leanna live in a relatively peaceful village. The two eventually get married. However, due to the incessant demon attacks, Kain becomes careless and falls into a lot of debt. It'll be up to Leanna to help pay off Kain's debts in this Slice of Life RPG!
8638 | Play as twins Hazel and Jace in this wholesome romcom visual novel. After a silly bet is made, the protagonists must find a boyfriend or girlfriend before their twin beats them to it!
8639 | Pumped BMX + is a fast-paced arcade BMX game full of tricks, stunts and combos which originates from one of the most well-known BMX franchises in the world. Master over 500 challenges in this breathtaking sports game.
8640 | Cube Chaos is a complex strategy rogue-lite about placing units to create giant armies, factories, combos, or self replicating murder crabs, overwhelming and outsmarting your opponents. Build and adapt new strategies each run using a ludicrous variety of units, perks and more.
8641 | Turning onto an old road, the main character gets into an accident due to thick fog. Now he's trying to find someone who can help him. Forced to enter an old house, the main character finds himself trapped, from which it is not so easy to get out.
8642 | Engineered specifically for the PC by Red Storm Entertainment, Rainbow Six returns to deliver the tensest close-quarters battles ever experienced online. In this episode, Rainbow faces independent terrorist threats, tied together by one common element - the Legion virus.
8643 | Lead The Rebellion, build your army, and shape the world with your choices. A story-heavy adventure game with multiple endings, romance options, and non-linear storytelling. A vast fantasy world waiting to be explored. Inspired by Dragon Age, and Mass Effect. Fully voice acted by a stellar cast!
8644 | Your adventure continues in Gordian Rooms 2... The escape island game where you venture further into the mysteries of the Gordian Society! Challenge your wits and conquer every puzzle on the Isle of Lye!
8645 | Explore a world full of mysteries that transform with each jump! Moonleap is a game about a moon boy on his journey to recover shooting stars. Change day to night with your jump and catch all the stars in this challenging puzzle-platformer!
8646 | Do you have a keen eye for detail? See if you can locate enough hidden clues to solve the crimes and become a Master Detective. Mystery Case Files: Huntsville™ provides players with a collection of intriguing mysteries and brain-teasers to solve. There are picture puzzles to ponder, strange crime scenes to explore, and much, much, more!
8647 | The confrontation between the East and the West is coming to an end, but not between East and West Germany. The old party leaders are still sitting in their offices, not changing anything and waiting for exclamations from Moscow. But their end is close – Gorbachev and Kohl have already decided...
8648 | ALTF42 The game is still simple. You just need to get past the traps and reach the goal.
8649 | The RPG classic rises from the nuclear ashes! Wasteland Remastered is an overhaul of the 1988 title that brought the post-apocalypse to video games. See where the Wasteland series began and experience the character and world the sequels are built on.
8650 | Sex City: 2069 is a third-person cyberpunk shooter, you'll embody a captivating female protagonist amidst an atmosphere of cyberpunk and science fiction. Prepare yourself for adult-oriented content as you dive into the depths of this virtual city.
8651 | The insect swarm is a swarm consists of millions of alien insects, and you, as the only survival on this barren planet, will have to fight against them dauntlessly. Good luck!
8652 | Furnish, Manage, and Maintain multiple stores in Laundromat Simulator! Collect and Count your hard-earned pennies and improve your stores to keep customers happy and maximize your profits. Expand your business, improve customer experience, and make your laundromat the best in town!
8653 | It’s a sensation: A real t-rex has just hatched from an egg – in YOUR dino zoo game! Create a fantastic animal world teeming with prehistoric creatures and wow your visitors. In this dino game, you’re the proud owner of a dino zoo with numerous attractions.
8654 | You are the world-famous Mystery P.I. and you've been hired by Grandma Rose to find her $488 million dollar winning lottery ticket that has gone missing! Retrace Grandma's steps to collect clues by finding hidden objects and solving puzzles. Search the city for the clues and piece them together to solve the case.
8655 | As madness and horror devour his world, can Youji find hope amid the nightmare? Experience a bond deeper and darker than love in this unforgettable visual novel.
8656 | Hana Exposure! is an exhibitionism focused narrative RPG. Follow Hana as she works and spends time in River Town, where she will get into embarrassing situations, unintentionally become exposed, wear revealing outfits, and slowly awaken her exhibitionist side!
8657 | Created by solo developer Nikola Kostic - Have you ever wanted to poop on people but were too shy to just go for it? There's poop in my soup lets you do just that, poop in soups, poop on people, poop on poodles, poop anywhere you please, from the streets of New York to Paris to Beijing.
8658 | Transform the world of Hob! A new action-adventure from Runic Games, the award-winning studio behind Torchlight I and II. It's your chance. Make it home.
8659 | Devilated is an ultraviolent RPG old-school shooter where you brutalize and cannibalize your demonic foes in equal measure. Eat their face before they eat yours.
8660 | Enjoy an unforgettable blast from the past with this classic real-time strategy experience. This all-inclusive bundle includes the original 22 missions from State of War (2000), and 16 additional missions from its sequel, State of War: Warmonger (2003).
8661 | Fight to be the tastiest cake in Cake Bash! A frantic four player party game where adorable drawn-to-life cakes beat the crumbs out of each other.
8662 | Create your own amusement park with a variety of rides, mascots, and activities!
8663 | Hell Pie is an obscene 3D platformer that takes bad taste to the next level! Hell Pie sees you grab the horns of Nate, the ‘Demon of Bad Taste’. He is given the honorable task of gathering the disgusting ingredients for Satan’s infamous birthday pie!
8664 | Only You Can Be The Future Racer 2000
8665 | Maize is a first-person adventure game about what happens when two scientists misinterpret a memo from the U.S. Government and create sentient corn. And that last sentence is pretty much the least ridiculous thing about the game.
8666 | Stories Untold is a compilation tape of four experimental adventures, including a remaster of the original hit episode “The House Abandon”.
8667 | VSTEP and Paradox are proud to announce the next installment of the acclaimed Ship Simulator series. With over 550K copies sold, the series returns to take you into the most extreme conditions on earth… Ever wonder how it feels to sail a half-million-ton supertanker through the perfect storm?
"8668 | A gritty and immersive story brought to life with the latest technology. Introducing ""Real Time Tactical Battle"" (RTTB), a new, deeply strategic, real-time battle system. The beginnings of a new Strategy RPG, crafted by a skilled and experienced development team."
8669 | Escape from “Yomi” – a dungeon filled with riches – and danger. Make use of your powerful skills and magic items to create exits and reach the surface alive.
8670 | Experience a relaxing atmosphere from the comfort of your cozy room by solving small 3D puzzles inside collectible gachapons, and find the original shape of things inspired by Rubik’s style.
8671 | Unleash your imagination into a vast, savage world, sun-scorched and wind-scraped. This series contains the radiant classics, Dark Sun: Shattered Lands, and Dark Sun: Wake of the Ravager.
8672 | Take command of the world's military elite and liberate planetary resources. Fabricate bases, train soldiers, build a mechanized army and rid the planet of powerful enemy combatants and mysterious alien threats.
8673 | Shenmue III sees the eagerly anticipated continuation of the epic story-driven saga. Take control of Ryo Hazuki, a teenage martial artist, determined to unravel the mystery behind his father's murder and to exact revenge on the killer.
8674 | Uncover the secret – Unite the clans In a town ruled by opposing clans and overshadowed by superstition and legend, a child is born with the dreaded mark of a witch. She conceals her identity until the theft of a mysterious relic brings to light a series of staggering revelations.
"8675 | Creepy Tale is a mysterious adventure rich in riddles and eerie atmosphere. An autumn morning promised a quiet fishing trip, but events took Martin to ""some other place."" Find the way home, uncover loads of secrets, and save everyone that you can."
8676 | Crazy cultists. Cthulhu. A talking cat. Gibbous takes you on an expansive, traditionally animated, hand-painted adventure. Play as three protagonists and explore a lushly rendered Lovecraft-inspired world, unraveling ancient conspiracies. A comedy cosmic horror adventure made in Transylvania!
8677 | Summer Islands is a holiday real-time strategy business simulator. Be the right businessman, build your holiday paradise and grab the money from your tourists. Play alone, with your friends and with computer enemies and survive natural disasters without going insolvent.
8678 | Adventurer Lara Croft has been hired to recover the pieces of an ancient artifact known as the Scion. With her fearless acrobatic style she runs, jumps, swims and climbs her way towards the truth of its origin and powers - leaving only a trail of empty tombs and gun-cartridges in her wake.
8679 | They came without warning, squawking menacingly, their ruffled feathers darkening the sun. Invading intergalactic chickens, out to punish humanity for our oppression of their earthly brethren. Now they're back, and they're having Earth for dinner!
8680 | Revhead is a car racing simulation game, where you have to build your own race car. You start your journey somewhere in a small village in Australia. You have to think as a real Revhead! You can buy or sell cars and components, fix and tweak your car to make it the fastest around.
8681 | Having cornered the evil organization Trizon, our hero Kouta and his partner Asuka move to the remote island of Okigashima with their trusted super robot RaiOhGar to prepare for a fierce battle against Trizon. However, all is not quite as it seems...
8682 | ⚡＋🤖＋🧩
8683 | The Moon's haunted - and when an astronaut loses contact with Earth, the adventure begins in full. Fill up your oxygen, load up the guns, and set out on an interstellar FPS adventure across the stars, filled with puzzles, fights, exploration, and strange secrets of the universe.
8684 | An action roguelike co-op dungeon crawler set in a lovecraftian universe.
8685 | Balrum is an old-school, turn-based, open world RPG with deep tactical combat. Explore a huge living fantasy world with dozens of side quests next to an epic main quest. Grow your own crops, build your home, and craft your own custom items.
8686 | Unveil the sultry world of an adult only dating sim in a Magic World universe. Explore the carnal desires of bewitching witches, learn alluring spells, and form passionate connections. Your choices define your destiny; seduce and entice your way into the hearts and beds of captivating sorceresses.
8687 | A serial killer is terrorizing the city, and Sara's deadbeat boyfriend hasn't done the laundry. Can Sara survive a late-night trip to the laundromat, or will the Womb Ripper perform an early delivery?
8688 | You have been a knight. You have been a gladiator. Now for the first time in Swords and Sandals, you are a PIRATE! Embark upon the grandest adventure of all in Swords and Sandals Pirates, the latest epic chapter in the hugely popular RPG series!
8689 | From the creators of AI War: Fleet Command comes an all-new grand strategy title with turn-based tactical combat, set in a deep simulation of an entire solar system and its billions of inhabitants. You are the last of a murdered race, determined to unify or destroy the 8 others.
8690 | First loves. Family issues. Yokai. 'Last Time I Saw You' is a coming-of-age adventure set in 1980s Japan. Explore a haunted forest hiding a terrible secret, and interact with a vast cast of friendly and deceitful characters in this beautifully hand-drawn story with some light action elements.
8691 | Discover a dark family secret and rid a young girl of her nightmares in this splendidly British point & click comedy adventure. Playing as sharp-witted Lucy, explore both dreams and reality to meet all the colourful characters who'll help you solve puzzles, gather clues and find a murderer.
8692 | Pairs & Perils is a memory-game roguelike and dungeon crawler. Match cards to attack enemies, avoid traps, shop for relics and consumables. Sharpen your mind as you journey through the depths of the dungeon in search of The Dealer.
8693 | A refreshing and highly re-playable bullet hell style shooter that WANTS you to play dangerously! Ride the razor's edge of life and death in this high-risk high-reward danger oriented arcade style shooting game.
8694 | The most realistic simulator of the life of a Russian person. Collect pension from birth, collect bottles to survive and become part of an exciting life-long story.
8695 | Thanks to the financial crisis of 2008, Lorena migrated to Terminal 81 to work, but what seemed like a simple Latin American neighborhood, it was a dangerous region dominated by a mysterious criminal organization that carries out murders, kidnappings and human trafficking.
8696 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
8697 | A terrifying multiplayer horror experience with social deduction elements. Trapped in the Backrooms, up to ten players must try to work together to survive and expose the shapeshifting Skin Stealer hiding among them before it’s too late. Who will you trust?
8698 | The original cult classic returns. A blast from the past, better than ever. Are you ready?
8699 | In this short, coming-of-age yuri visual novel, play as Marion LaRue and Audrey Clary as they explore the magical city of Castlecoast and get a second chance at love and friendship.
8700 | Baby Blues Nightmares is a survival horror stealth game where you play as a toddler going into a little adventure with your tricycle which you can fix, maintain and customize. Paddle, hide and survive but remember; try not to cry when you are scared.. or the monsters will hear you and get you.
8701 | Xeno Crisis is an arena shooter in which up to two players take control of battle-hardened marines embarking on a deadly mission to confront an alien menace! Run and gun your way through thousands of adversaries, searching for survivors, and ultimately facing the origin of the outpost's demise.
8702 | Become a fearless captain in Buccaneers!, a classic pirate RPG. Find legendary treasures, battle powerful ships, change the course of history, and join one of the unique factions to conquer an ever-changing Caribbean sea.
8703 | Driving game with Unlimited possibilities. Spiritual successor to classic top-down racing games, but in 3D with modern online features, countless game modes and extensive moddability. For casual fun, serious competition, or to unleash your creativity with the editors.
8704 | Snap your own homemade liminal space photos using a mysterious SLR camera as you explore a variety of empty, strange, and familiar spaces.
8705 | A Sci-fi FPS set on the mysterious planet ADACA. - Use your GRAVITY-MANIPULATING arm to HURL objects at your foes or even RIP weapons directly from their hands! - EXPLORE and manipulate the environment in this EERIE and HOSTILE world!
8706 | Presented by Cracking The Cryptic, YouTube's most popular Sudoku channel, this is the brand new “Classic Sudoku” game that their viewers have been requesting for the last two years!
8707 | YOU are a psychiatrist, trying to solve a murder whilst treating the unusual patients of the recently deceased Doctor Dekker. Type a question - patients reply in full screen video and have questions for you too but be careful what you say. Your words determine their eventual fates, and your own!
8708 | JENNY LECLUE is an adventure game focused on exploration, story, and character, featuring dozens of characters to meet, mysteries and puzzles to solve across a vibrant, atmospheric world.
8709 | Legends of Amberland: The Forgotten Crown is a classic western RPG inspired by the games from the 90s. Basically, it’s the kind of game I personally find missing nowadays. Light, fairy tale, epic, heroic, slightly humorous and without the need of endless grind to progress.
8710 | There are some things that kids just shouldn't have to put up with. Being transported to some weird dimension full of goblins, dwarves, swamplings, stupid wizards and sleeping giants is definitely one of them. Join Simon's quest to rescue the wizard Calypso from the evil sorcerer Sordid.
8711 | Boot up your 486 and launch olcst.exe for this retro fps from an alternate 1990's. Descend into the madness of the Spanish Civil War fighting vicious fascist forces and supernatural monsters. Conquer three action packed episodes wielding machine guns, rifles, flamethrowers and explosives.
8712 | Urban Rivals World - for fans and new players! Come to fight and stay for the collection!
8713 | Grab your balloon crossbow and trusty inflatable hammer, because things are about to get wobbly! Be the last weirdo standing in the world-leading physics-based Battle Royale game.
8714 | Car Tune: Project is a dynamic game in which the player takes on the role of a car mechanic. The goal of the game is to tune, modify, and improve the performance of cars. An extensive tuning system and realistic driving physics provide a great experience for automotive enthusiasts.
8715 | Hide objects, decorate, and complete missions in this cozy hidden-object game where you can create little paradises and share them with the world!
8716 | Haunt your way through town in the dead of night! Possess objects to scare people away from a museum, a hospital, a theatre and a cruise ship. Will you be able to scare everyone out and reclaim what has been lost, before the night is over? A side-scrolling action puzzle game starring ghosts!
8717 | Snap pictures of spooky creatures & explore an abandoned wildlife park.
8718 | The Apocalypse has arrived and your goal is simple: Make it 10 miles to safety through a limitless procedurally-generated world overrun with The Infected and packed with the tools and weapons to fight them.
8719 | Tonight you're on a rescue mission, infiltrating a nightclub that was once a coffin factory. Will you succeed? Will you fail? Or will your night take an unexpected detour? Roll the Pizza Dice and find out!
"8720 | A Retro-FPS ""virtual happy place"", jeopardized with a naughty bug. Traverse this action-oriented roguelite blasting waifus to uncover dirty secrets on a personal computer!"
8721 | Play as Gollum on his quest to retrieve his Precious. You will need to climb the mountains of Mordor, sneak around Mirkwood and make difficult choices. Who will gain the upper hand: the cunning Gollum or the innocent Smeagol?
8722 | [Adventures of House Cat Cinnamon]*A street cat's tale 2 is a narrative-led puzzle adventure game about the struggles of stray cats.
8723 | Create and manage your own shipping empire. Control every aspect from route creation to marketing to staff handling and beat other managers to top the leaderboards.
8724 | Command your own fortress in FTL-like real-time battles! Crush the enemy fortress with unrelenting bombardment or seize it with carefully executed invasion.
8725 | An exciting and fast-paced chess roguelite, full of ridiculous abilities! Explode your opponent's pieces, spawn queens all over the board, move twice in a row... But watch out for the bosses, who have crazy powers of their own!
8726 | In Midnight Ramen, you play as the owner of a late-night ramen stand and his apprentice. You interact with your customers, listen to their troubles, and help them out whenever you can. But as the bowls of ramen are cooked and served, troubles are beginning to brew in your own life as well...
8727 | Orcs fight big breasted monster girls in the vein of classic beat em ups!
8728 | Shoot first, eat cheese later! Jump into a fast, frenetic and exciting one-hit, one-kill FPS arena shooter with a totally level playing field, tonnes of maps, customisation and a robust map editor!
8729 | Battle Chef Brigade pairs combo-based hunting and puzzle-based cooking in a hand drawn, fantasy adventure. Cook your way into the Brigade while subduing Victusia’s destructive monsters. Follow Mina and Thrash in the single-player campaign or challenge your friends in Local Multiplayer and Daily Cook-Offs.
8730 | Journey to the Monster World to take part in a tournament of Monster-Game madness! Watch your favorite Monsters come to life as you swing, fling, and spring your way to victory in a variety of 4-player competitions.
8731 | Coloring Game 3 is a new paint-by-number game which has already won hearts of numerous players. Now the game offers new difficulty modes.
8732 | The famous game remastered in a new 25th Anniversary Edition! The father and mother of all 'Haunted Mansion' games. Winner of multiple gaming awards and “No. 1 Rated Game of 1994”.
8733 | The Test: Reality Check is one of multiple installments in an ongoing social experiment that can be classified as an atmospheric, psychological-simulation with horror elements. Dive deep into your own psyche to find answers to questions you've kept locked away, hidden from yourself for far too long.
8734 | Just imagine: your own world-famous airport! A game with sky-high levels of fun!
8735 | Explore an abandoned space station in this retro-themed explorative action platformer.
8736 | Tametsi is a difficult logic game played on a set of tiles, in which you must use the clues provided to discover and mark hidden mines.
8737 | Supermoves is the ultimate world of parkour where you run, jump and grind rails to glory! Brave the single player career mode, speedrun your way to the leaderboards or race against your friends in multiplayer Tournaments. Make your own games and levels with our powerful tools. Never stop running!
8738 | Above The Clouds is a humorous, quirky, light-hearted, choice-driven adult Visual Novel with a unique storytelling style. The game is packed with humor, sex, romance, drama, and mystery. Play as a young male who's challenging fate itself, and guide him through the experience.
8739 | What if you had it in your power to rid the world of disease, to improve the lives of millions, to ease suffering and cure the sick… and earn a tidy profit? As the head of your own Pharmaceutical Conglomerate you have this power resting in your hands. Will you use it for good?
8740 | Metaloid: Origin is an fast-paced gun’n'run 2D platformer. Take on the role of one out of three android warrior's known as “Predator” and dash through 9 different levels in order to save their planet from an robot army led by Lucian Corp, whom invade their planet and exploit the planetary resources to fuel their galactic war efforts.
8741 | The first motorbike simulation that combines a realistic racing challenge with engineering and mechanics! Ride the world's most powerful motorbikes and optimise their performance by swapping out parts and analysing data in real time.
8742 | Asterix & Obelix – Slap them all! 2 is a Beat’em Up with an original story. Explore different places such as forest ruins, a vast Roman camp and even Lutèce. Encounters and fights punctuate the storyline. This dynamic game invites you to come on an adventure — with a generous distribution of slaps!
8743 | This is Interesting is a psychological horror mystery based game with roguelite elements. You are being watched, and you aren't really sure why. Delve through the depths of memory to uncover the mystery behind the gray purgatory you find yourself in.
8744 | The police have arrested dangerous criminals from the neighborhood and sent them to jail. During their time in jail, one of them was a witch who casted a spell to shrink many police officers to the size of an ant. The tinies now need to get a giantess police woman's attention before it's too late.
8745 | Delve into the diverse world of horror movies in this 2D action puzzler. Nothing can prepare you for the R-rated challenges you will face!
8746 | Hunt monsters in the gothic city!
8747 | Noobs Want to Live is a fast-paced roguelike featuring several characters and a large pool of skills to choose from (that synergize with one another, too!) Fight, kill, grow. Each run is a new chance to create a steamrolling build!
8748 | Aeterna Noctis is a challenging metroidvania that majestically combines action, exploration and adventure. With 2 game modes and difficulty based on action or the exclusive Noctis mode where a level of difficulty is added in precision platforming never seen in the metroidvania genre.
8749 | Play as a detective in the post-war reconstruction period of Japan. Uncover the mystery behind a series of bizarre murders in an interactive and complicated human drama. The trail of clues unfolds, one-by-one...
8750 | Classic strategy game from 2003. Run your own casino in the 1970s. It's classy. It's glitzy. It's all yours. Take a gamble. Start small with a slot machine or two. Employ some staff. People will be talking about your place from coast to coast. Includes The Management Expansion Pack.
8751 | Blast battalions of tanks into smoking craters and conquer air and sea from the sky's fastest attack chopper! Toaplan's coin-op shooter Twin Cobra flies to PC with fresh features and quality-of-life updates!
8752 | Command modern military armies by zooming out and issuing orders to large formations, or zooming in to issue orders to individual squads and vehicles. Waronoi is the real-time strategy war game.
8753 | Circle Empires is a fresh take on the RTS genre, featuring a fast-paced approach to conquering the world.
8754 | OVRLRD is a mech combat simulator built from the ground up for Virtual Reality. Take the real, physical controls of a 50-foot bipedal weapons platform as you carry out complex operations across a challenging single-player campaign.
8755 | METAL SLUG XX, the most recent installment in the famous run-and-gun action shooting series, returns to the battlefield on Steam with a plethora of brand new features!
8756 | Explore the mysterious Hotel Norwood in this surreal first-person adventure. Curious characters, forgotten secrets, and head-nodding music await your arrival.
8757 | Hey Partner, Freddi Fish and Luther need your help!
8758 | Shoot your way through a hostile canyon full of hidden treasures, weapons, obstacles and all kinds of bloodthirsty scum! Colt Canyon is a stylish pixel art shooter with roguelike elements and real-time combat where you save your kidnapped partner from the ruthless bandits.
8759 | An Epic Incremental/Idle RPG
8760 | Experience 12 all-new games made exclusively for this unique horror anthology. Explore a mysterious castle that changes as you play. Keep your wits about you as the line between cute and creepy begins to blur. Uncover the next chapter in the ongoing Dread X Collection storyline.
8761 | The extreme and unpredictable conditions that characterized the Lost Planet series return, harsher than ever before. Lost Planet 3 reveals new truths about the foreboding planet and the colonial history of E.D.N. III.
8762 | A cyberpunk adventure game from the studio that brought you Gemini Rue and Blackwell! The year is 2087. Genetic engineering is the norm, and an omnipresent AI powers the city. Take control of three citizens of this world as they struggle to understand a deadly conspiracy.
8763 | A third-person Action/Shooter that thrusts players into a sci-fi flavored nightmare scenario set in the post Cold War era.
8764 | Adult-Only Stat Raising Management Dating Sim where you take care of an furry alcoholic carnivore.
8765 | You are a girl with a demonic heart, trapped with a group of suspicious individuals. A demonspawn arrives, setting off a chain of mysterious murders. Can you trust any of your fellow captives and find love in the chaos? Or will you fight for your life alone?
"8766 | With the walking fortress Burggeist at your command, fight back the enemies and build ""the Tower."""
8767 | ToeJam & Earl: Back in the Groove! is a mash-up of the very best features of the classic console games with a ton of fresh improvements! Explore Earth as funky aliens from planet Funkotron trying to find your missing ship pieces to get back home in this casual co-op roguelike.
8768 | Disney's Treasure Planet: Battle at Procyon is a 3D RTS game focusing on space combat.
8769 | You're just a weak, pathetic young man who's suddenly found himself in a strange world of fantasy and mystery. What's worse, you're soon fighting off... hot mythical maidens?! Luckily, you've got a phone that shoots hypnotic rays. When you finally manage to hypnotize your sexy enemies...
8770 | A Shoot 'Em Up of macro proportions! When giant anime women invade the galaxy, only a team is able to stand against them and put things right: a pizza guy with a pilot's license, a lovely engineer and a tiny robot flying on a garbage truck spaceship!
8771 | Venture out into the Emberlands and uncover an ever-changing world filled with surprising encounters and mystical creatures! Save villagers who got lost in the Miasma, collect resources and rebuild your village to create a safe haven for your people.
8772 | LoveBeat is a free-to-play rhythm game. A lot of amazing indie songs will give you both the excitement of playing the game and the delight of listening to your favorite songs at the same time. Let’s join LoveBeat dance party where it’s full of friendly people all over the world!
8773 | A party of goblins, granted magic by an ancient spirit, wanders the archipelago, fighting back the terrible Fog. Wield elemental power with wild repercussions in this open-world tactics RPG.
8774 | Fight to bring beautiful colors back to a hand-crafted world of darkness and discover the story of Europa, a young warrior, and her ghostly childhood companion, Apino.
8775 | Journey to the Japanese Magical Village with Catgirls and Sushi. 🌸 Catgirls From My Sweet Dream 🌸 - a fun and simple satirical visual novel with “Match3” gameplay in the Magic Japanese setting. Japanese goodies and Nekogirls!
8776 | Nickelodeon Kart Racers is back and we’re kicking it into overdrive! In Nickelodeon Kart Racers 2: Grand Prix, you can select from 30 playable racers and 70 team members to assemble your ultimate pit crew.
"8777 | ""Yuri"" was falsely accused of harming a noble on the street and was threatened that if she didn't pay compensation, her husband would be fired by pulling some strings. In order to protect her husband, Yuri makes money in every possible way."
8778 | ADOM (Ancient Domains Of Mystery) is one of the most successful roguelike games ever created, boasting a brilliant mix of story, RPG, exploration, and intensely strategic & flexible combat. The Steam version adds various features like achievements, difficulty level customization & play modes.
8779 | As the Devil, command your minions to defeat the greedy adventurers! Build your team with over 240 minions and over 200 treasures, and discover various battle strategies. Enjoy the convenience of one-click auto battles!
8780 | Raji: An Ancient Epic is an action-adventure game set in ancient India. A young girl named Raji has been chosen by the gods to stand against the demonic invasion of the human realm. Her destiny? To rescue her younger brother and face the demon lord Mahabalasura.
8781 | Smuggle contraband VHS tapes across the border. Discover the remnants of illicit industry. Prepare for an assassination. This is Paratopic, an atmospheric retro-3D horror adventure through a cursed fever dream.
8782 | Explore 'Purrfectly Hidden Cats - Kittenbay', where elusive felines await discovery in a day-and-night adventure. Find hidden cats, interact with locals, and unveil the charming secrets of Kittenbay!
8783 | This is a dating sim with guys you will never be on the same page with! For some reason, you just can't communicate with the guy you like... An unusual yet extraordinary experience with a cute pixel art style, fully voiced in Japanese.
8784 | Price of Power is a wholesome adult visual novel focused on romance and adventure. Explore forgotten lands using your skills as a master hunter, romance your childhood best friend (and maybe others as well), and rediscover long-lost secrets about your world.
8785 | Unleash the hounds from hell and fight your way free of this otherworldly prison in a roguelike adventure that explores the world of Penny Blood’s darker side! Can you find the distinction between good and evil…?
8786 | Experience the dramatic intensity of the frontlines of a war through the eyes of the first of a new breed of super soldiers in this gritty and epic first-person action game. An augmented super-soldier must stop a renegade regime from eradicating the civilized world. Hong Kong, 2065. 2nd Lt.
8787 | A dark fantasy 3D vampire brothel management game for adults with RPG elements. Caterina must manage the brothel to meet her master's demands, which are blood, sacrifice and sex. Can she escape her master, or will she remain a puppet for all eternity?
8788 | Joyville 2 is a first-person horror puzzle-adventure game set in an abandoned children's camp. Explore two parallel worlds where the joy of the past meets present horrors. Uncover the camp's dark secrets, face magical yet dangerous creatures, and discover the truth behind events from decades ago.
8789 | Gladius is an immersive VR sword fighting game set in ancient Rome. As a gladiator, you will choose your weapons, train against different enemies, and finally fight for your freedom in an epic battle against the mightiest warriors and mythical creatures of the time. Win the crowd and you will win your freedom.
8790 | Ever dreamt of being a space potato? Now’s your chance! Space Gladiators is a 2D hand-drawn roguelite platformer following a bunch of captives fighting their way out of a planet prison. Defeat hordes of aliens in the gladiatorial arenas and earn your freedom!
8791 | Can you change Deponia's fate? Do you have what it takes to change Rufus' past, present and future without accidently destroying the whole planet? Fight time itself in this action-packed, platypus-tastic and insanely hilarious story.
8792 | Part interactive fiction, part Felis domesticus adventure, “Cats and the Other Lives” explores the reunion of a broken family from the perspective of their house cat, Aspen.
8793 | A heartfelt adventure in a fantasy world of frogs! Talk to weird and wonderful characters, fight vicious bugs, and explore a vibrant world in this charming action RPG.
8794 | Go on a rampage in this endless arcade Boomer-Shooter! Gain the weirdest weapons and destroy all the monsters in the never-ending temple of GRUEL!
8795 | Embark on an adventure in a fantasy world where you can collect items, build towns, and live the slow life of your dreams - these are the main features of this RPG game! Beyond the standard RPG gameplay, there are various other elements to enjoy.
8796 | You are the Rendering Ranger, a special forces soldier defending Earth from a devastating alien invasion through nine levels of action platforming as well as blisteringly fast horizontal shooter stages. Originally developed for Super Famicom by Manfred Trenz, creator of the Turrican series.
8797 | After a long day at work, all you want is to relax on the couch—but the night has other plans. Step into the shoes of a Romanian engineer in the mid-2000s and survive a harrowing night as something hunts you in the shadows.
8798 | Relive the pioneering spirit of the Golden Age of Steam by establishing your own railroad empire across 19th century North America. Bring settlements together, produce and trade goods and develop new technologies to stay ahead of the competition. Want more? RAILROAD CORPORATION 2 Out Now!
8799 | A strategy game of exploration, endurance, and space travel on an interstellar gothic monastery. Explore solar systems, harvest resources, construct outposts, and face hazards in the challenging universe of The Banished Vault.
8800 | A mysterious sorceress, a stern swordsman, or a cheerful gunner - which path in the world of Azmara will you choose? Join the thousands of heroes who have already discovered this easy-to-learn and low-hardware MMORPG! Look around as you walk out of the city - the enemy can be anywhere!
8801 | An ancient conspiracy. A broken code. An unsolved murder. Welcome to Broken Sword – The Sleeping Dragon, the multi BAFTA-nominated adventure. Once more George and Nico must travel the world, wrestling danger, and piecing together the clues that will unravel the secrets of the Sleeping Dragon.
8802 | Deck-building, dungeon defense, and tactical gameplay combine in Dungeon Monarch! Recruit warriors and wizards, buff your heroes, and thrash your foes — summon your dungeon monarch to punish interlopers and defeat enemies to increase your dark powers!
8803 | Thousands of giant insects and aliens once again ravage the earth, and only the Earth Defense Force can stop them.
8804 | Shred the slopes in SLOPECRASHERS! Carve your way through epic courses, stomp mind-blowing tricks or unite your crew for gnarly multiplayer mayhem. Feel the rush with our next-level physics engine that brings rad arcade snowboarding action to life.
8805 | Experience a sci-fi action-adventure RPG on the Moon in the year 30XX! Join Bella in a story of science, truth, justice, and trust, as she travels the silver globe to find a way to save humanity from Comet Coda! It's time to unleash your Lux!
8806 | Summer has arrived early to Saint Angraecum Academy, and with it comes change. Follow the story of Erika in the second game in the Flowers series.
8807 | Field of Honor is a single-player game that combines elements of first-person shooter and strategy, set in the Napoleonic Wars, American Revolutionary War and American Civil War. You can take command of massive battles or engage as a single soldier to defeat the enemy in various game modes.
8808 | Fireboy & Watergirl are back! This time with fairies to help you!
8809 | This is a SIM game in which you live with your childhood playmate who likes you the most. Enjoy your free time with Anna during the 14-day Spring Break!
8810 | HER TREES : THE PUZZLE HOUSE is a unique point-and-click puzzle game where you move and combine objects to solve puzzles.Uncover the mysteries of this peculiar room.
8811 | Want to improve your Spanish? Need a break from flash cards and listening exercises? Ready to put what you've already learned into practice? ¡Felicidades amigos! This is the game for you.
8812 | Intrigue, betrayal, deaths! An Otome / BxB survival Raising Simulation in a high-fantasy royal court setting with RPG elements.
8813 | Within the Cosmos is a sci-fi RPG. After awakening in a secluded star system, you soon discover a fractured human society grappling with an emerging android threat. Explore planets, uncover mysteries, and navigate differing philosophies. Your choices will shape how the story unfolds.
8814 | A cozy puzzler with story. Recreate paintings by applying lines & colors in a specific order. Explore beautiful mazes & collect letters of a poem. Help two sweethearts find a path towards each other. Three games in one. Hints when stuck. 160+ paintings, 3~4 hours, set to a chill soundtrack.
"8815 | Gaia Project is the digital adaptation of the boardgame Gaia Project created by Helge Ostertag and Jens Drögemüller and published by ""Feuerland Verlag"". It is a 1-4 player strategy game. It plays in the same universe as Terra Mystica and continues the adventure in the far future."
8816 | Long-lost family secrets. Hints of a hidden fortune. And miles to go before they sleep. Tess Devine’s relationship with her mom has never been easy, but they’re about to set out together on a journey into the past that they’ll never forget.
8817 | Travel. Buy. Sell. Protect. Fight. Do Quests.
8818 | Survive and evolve as an organism with this simulation game in which you will literally start as a single cell and manage and organize all its functions to a fully fledged system! Assemble, breathe, eat, fight threats, produce energy, grow, anything is possible!
8819 | Defend your Chrysalis from growing hordes of monsters in this hybrid game that combines elements of tower defense, survival, and roguelike RPGs. Explore procedurally generated levels, possess and control animals, and grow deadly gardens. How far can you get before the next wave of monsters?
8820 | Melancholy Love is a Yuri Visual Novel between an elite and a misfit in an All-Girls' High School. How will sparks flare between the two?
8821 | Tyler is a high schooler on a mission. He's going to use every minute of summer vacation to go on as many GPS-assisted scavenger hunts as possible. After running into some old friends during one of these hunts, strange things start happening: The day resets and today plays out exactly like yesterday
8822 | Become a fellow of the famous medieval Hanse trading association in the 13th century. Manage the politics, prestige and economic success in your city and the known parts of Europe!
8823 | Minesweeper, but you only solve each situation once.
8824 | The Heroes Around Me tells a story of a family of 3: the hard-working and quiet father – Nan, his daughter Lili, and their pet dog Sesame. Players will experience the harshness and warmth in the simpler time of the 1990s, where lots of stories are untold.
8825 | Mini Healer is a single player healing simulator/raid manager RPG with ARPG inspired deep character customization and itemization. Play as the healer in MMO inspired boss fights, acquire powerful items, and customize your party to your heart's content.
8826 | You wake up on a small island in a magical world. Grow your garden, nurture local creatures, furnish your home or adventure across the seas to explore more islands and gather new resources. This world is for you.
8827 | Become Aiden, a three-armed mutant who hunts the most dangerous bounties in the galaxy. Catch, slice, dice and destroy enemies in this exciting 2D platformer with a space-western setting.
8828 | Timelie is a stealth puzzle adventure, where you control time like a media player. Perceive future events to plan your escape strategy from the past, sneak an enemy, and manipulate time through this companionship journey of a mysterious cat and a little girl with a precognitive power.
8829 | This isn't your usual low-effort backrooms game: BrVR Backrooms Virtual Reality is an action-adventure survival game. 110+ Levels, 80+ Items, 30+ entities, full physics, sandbox, game modes, craft, trade, explore, weekly updates, Discord. Turn Entities and firearms on or off.
8830 | Explore a tower of hilarious escape rooms and solve mind-bending puzzles in this absurd elevator adventure for virtual reality. Step out onto each floor, meet bizarre characters, unravel their secrets, and figure out how everything is connected to find the lost artifacts your boss is looking for.
8831 | Unique, truly open-ended fantasy adventure in a strange, new world. Use battle or cunning to change the world, served by your own army of custom-made mutant monsters. Over 80 zones to explore and 50+ hours of gameplay. Multitudes of skills, abilities, factions, treasures, and servants to create.
8832 | The hit crossover 2D fighter finally makes its way to PC, updated to the latest arcade version for character balancing, added background animations and additional winning poses. It also includes all DLC from the console release, such as additional fighters Homura and Heart, in a single value package.
8833 | World Racing 2 is back - revamped with a new look! The highly acclaimed racing spectacle makes the streets on your screen glow like never before! The new Champion Edition offers modding and Steam Workshop support. Are you ready to start the race of your life? The roads are waiting for you!
8834 | Contagion isn't your average Zombie Shooter but instead takes a more realistic and different approach to the popular genre with unique characters, environments, weapons, items, and a built in system that makes every round completely unpredictable with resources, objectives, and paths ever changing.
8835 | Includes Railroad Tycoon II and the expansion The Second Century It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire.
8836 | This is a strategy game that combines tower defense with Roguelike. Unlike traditional tower defense game, the towers in the game are vehicles that move along ‘loops’.You need to create defense loop and build battle trains to defend against enemy attacks.
8837 | You don't work in a regular assembly line. In this escape room, you will investigate what is really being manufactured in a secret factory, explore mysterious places and solve puzzles. Will you discover the truth?
8838 | Sanzenkai Setsuna awakens on the shore of isolated island Urashima with no memories of his past. Befriending three local girls, Rinne, Karen, and Sara, Setsuna's quest to discover the secrets of Urashima and how they tie into his own past - and future - begins.
8839 | The year is 1962 and the Cold War has the nation gripped by fear.  A top-secret government unit called The Bureau begins investigating a series of mysterious attacks by an enemy more powerful than communism.
8840 | Don’t let the Soviet Union collapse, and fall in the darkness of history or lead the Union by a new path – democracy and free market! But before you decide something, think – wouldn’t it cause more harm than good?
"8841 | This is a mini puzzle escape game that offers both simplicity and challenge, with rich pixel art animations! Assist ""Turqu-chan, the disarmed Valkyrie,"" in her escape from this erotic laboratory!"
8842 | From the sick mind behind Bloodwash, Jordan King, comes his latest experiment in terror. Inspired by the Italian zombie flicks from Lucio Fulci and Bruno Mattei, Night of the Gates of Hell promises to be a blood dripping, neon soaked, flesh rotting experience.
8843 | Start your own sexy idler streaming studio, filling your staff with cute anime girls. Flirt with the girls, win their hearts, dress them up in the cutest outfits... And have fun with them in various sex scenes, all the while your business grows even while you are away.
8844 | Distant Worlds is a vast, pausable real-time 4X space strategy game. Experience the full depth and detail of turn-based strategy, but with the simplicity and ease of real-time, and on the scale of a massively-multiplayer online game.
8845 | Ready your pack, grab your walking stick and step into a world of mystery. Craft your character and immerse yourself in the enchanted lands of Braided Shore. Set your own goals and adventure alone or together with Travellers you meet on the road in this serene TMORPG.
8846 | Thrilling action and stealth gameplay enhanced by the Fear system, an exciting story and ultra-stylish cutscenes. Harness your team’s dynamic abilities to tackle enemies and puzzles like never before.
8847 | Meet gorgeous women, fight criminals, attend classes, work mundane jobs, discover the secret to multiverse travel, superheroes exist and they're evil.
8848 | My Brother Rabbit is a beautifully drawn exploration adventure and puzzle game set in a surreal world that mixes reality with a child’s imagination.
8849 | SCP: Secret Files is a collection of paranormal cases from the SCP Foundation, an organization tasked with containing dangerous anomalies. You join as an assistant researcher for Dr. Raymond Hamm and complete a strenuous induction program that will make you question everything you know.
8850 | ... 300 years after Aziraal has been banished, a brother and sister are drawn into the conflict which has flared up between the Orcs and the free world. Kyra, the hero's younger sister, suddenly disappears in mysterious circumstances.«...If my family really belongs to the chosen ones, why then have we always been as poor as church mice?
8851 | The second entry in the critically acclaimed BlazBlue franchise, BlazBlue: Continuum Shift Extend adds a number of gameplay modes, story scenarios, new moves, and an all-new playable character to further enhance the BlazBlue experience and solidify its status as one of the all-time great 2D fighters
"8852 | ""Sparta 2035"" is a turn-based tactics game in the spirit of a classic action movie. Control a squad of mercenaries, complete missions and liberate Africa from terrorists."
8853 | Silvia never runs from evil—she makes it her business. Eccentric yet warm-hearted, this seasoned modern exorcist has mastered the art of confronting the supernatural, turning haunted places into tangible nightmares. But on this fateful night, nothing goes as planned.
8854 | When the Empire begins its reign of destruction in a thirst for natural resources, it’s up to Max Brawley, a retired Gatling Gear pilot, to stop them.
8855 | Woke up in strange dark spot. Who has done it with you? And why? Try to get out from that scary place and stay alive...
8856 | The most enjoyable Chinese-style Roguelike card game! Play as Cao Cao and conquer the Central, Japanese, and Western waifu with your allies, save the world!
8857 | In the wake of the Demon Lord's defeat, his daughter, Lilina, finds herself leading a miserable existence without any of the comforts of the castle she once called home. Now she has to make an honest living while seeking out fabled talismans in an attempt to regain her lost powers!
8858 | Two pairs of twins war for love, life, and limb beneath the curtain of a dark Tokyo night. From the artisans at CRAFTWORK comes a visual novel lush with art, action, and mystery; a story of GEMINISM—deformity and divinity.
8859 | A yuri kinetic novel about overcoming the tribulations of the human heart, and a sapphic tale on the heartaches and reprieves of fathoming love. Asou Ei’s first title with Frontwing is presented with poignant visuals in Full HD, an evocative soundtrack, and voice acting by a star-studded cast.
8860 | After the shipwreck in Africa, Bud and Terence save a village from criminals and make their way home on a raft loaded with bananas. But of course it wouldn't be a Bud and Terence adventure if everything went according to plan.
8861 | DreadOut is a third person supernatural horror game where you play as Linda, a high school student trapped in an old abandoned town. Equipped with her trusty smart-phone, she will battle against terrifying encounters and solve mysterious puzzles which will ultimately determine her fate.
8862 | A digital recreation of The Bible in Kinetic Novel form! Read through and save passages in any order with an original soundtrack, or listen through the greatest story ever told in audiobook form. Featuring an extensive Trivia section to find out how well you really know the stories of Old and New.
8863 | The breakout title from Summitsphere, Antonball Deluxe is a retro, high-octane smorgasbord of ballbusting arcade action! Antonball Deluxe quite literally turns the breakout genre on its head, blending traditional brick-breaking gameplay with tight, intense platforming.
8864 | Raise your duckling into a champion racer! Train your duck in 15 mini-games and watch proudly as it competes in tournaments against rival ducks, discovering exciting worlds and learning new skills
8865 | Underground dwelling girl Hisako is aiming for the surface in a zombie infested Tokyo. Hack and slash RPG! Obtain weapons and gear from enemies, and customize your skill tree to create your own unique and powerful a character!
8866 | Dive into Planetiles, where strategy and creativity converge. Build and transform barren planets into flourishing worlds. Outwit natural disasters, develop vibrant habitats, and navigate complex challenges. Embrace a boardgame-like depth with thoughtful planning and strategic decision-making.
8867 | Unleash your brainpower in Linkito and ignite the insurgency! Link, build, solve, defuse, and decode by using your logic. Craft your own challenges in the level editor or tackle community creations.
8868 | Welcome to the exciting world of SEX Campus🔞, where freshman Nick embarks on an incredible journey through real student life. But in this college, every day is a new stage in the game 'Hot Pie,' where real-life quests are intertwined with fun and intriguing tasks.
8869 | Saw, hammer, and invent!
8870 | Get ready for ‘Corsairs Legacy’. It’s an open-world adventure in the Caribbean, the historical pirate life simulator. Sail the sea, fight the enemies, and explore islands. Will you rise to become a legendary pirate or meet your end at the hands of your enemies? The choice is yours.
8871 | Battle thousands of blobs in this roguelike auto-shooter. Travel from island to island, defeat bosses, collect and upgrade items to become more powerful and discover lag-inducing combos in an endless blobbath.
8872 | The world's been flooded. All you have left is your Super Raft Boat… and your friends! Work together to expand your raft while fending off the strangely violent (and wealthy??) creatures of the sea in this multiplayer roguelike shooter. Will your crew survive and reach the Final Island?
8873 | REDEEMER is a intense Brawler where you will punch, hack and blast your way through enemies using fists, hammers, fire arms and even the environment.
8874 | Command your TOY SOLDIERS in epic, action-packed battles.
8875 | Massive scale 4X-RTS set in space. Control hundreds of planets, manipulate galactic politics, research numerous advanced technologies, and command thousands of units and hundreds of planets in your quest for galactic dominance.
8876 | Become a real car mechanic in a very realistic, highly detailed simulator in a fully VR World. REPAIR, PAINT, TUNING with dozens of different tools and almost thousands of parts. BUY old vehicles, restore them, and SELL them at a profit. DRIVE and test all rebuilt cars.
8877 | Terraform, strategize, and construct a Martian colony in this retro-inspired turn-based city builder. Create a comfortable living for your citizens, research alien artifacts, and uncover the secrets of the Red Planet.
8878 | DESIGN, SELL & EXPAND – YOUR SUCCESS IS IN YOUR HANDS. Put your entrepreneurial skills to the test in Shop Simulator: Supermarket. Immerse yourself in the world of retail and start your own business today!
8879 | Hercule Poirot is back in a brand-new adventure, set in the heart of London.
8880 | You wake up in a spaceship with no memories. In this escape room with a sci-fi setting you will have to investigate your past solving different puzzles. Will you be able to discover what happened to you and how did you get there?
8881 | Return to the bloody battlefields of World War II in this epic sequel. Blitzkrieg 2 returns you to the gritty realism of WWII battles while pushing your focus into new, strategic opportunities during global war!
8882 | A gripping, retro-inspired 2D cinematic puzzle-platformer set in a dystopian future where AI has taken over humanity. A short game in handcrafted pixel art, to experience in a film-like journey. Play as a young teenager, alone in a run-down world, relying only on your hacking skills to survive.
8883 | A turn-based RPG detective story with focus on monster-collecting, exploration, and humor. Negotiate with enemies to recruit them to your party, and fuse your monsters to create new ones.
8884 | Once upon a time, there was a fly. A hungry fly. A fly with razor-sharp teeth, with a taste for dead things. This is the tale of its adventure to find something dead to devour, in a swamp where nothing dies, everything is grotesque, and every choice matters, no matter how surreal.
8885 | Crime Simulator: Playgrounds is a short, chaotic, and hilarious entry in the Crime Simulator franchise. Throw hammers, spray pepper gas, and cause mayhem solo or with up to 4 players. Take over hideouts, complete absurd missions, and unleash destruction with the wildest weapons. No rules—just fun!
8886 | In FlowScape you can create your own nature scene simply by painting. Choose from 20 landscapes and more than 300 models to create your own little paradise by painting trees, changing the sky, rotating the sun, adding sound effects and adjusting your camera for that perfect photo.
8887 | Minesweeper but the rules are changing, again.
"8888 | What happens ""After?"" Five stories to continue the possible endings of Yumeutsutsu Re:master."
8889 | When a world is overwhelmed by new monsters, it's up to a single apprentice adventurer to set out on a quest and bring peace back to the land in this JRPG with fully animated combat!
8890 | How a Retired Strategist Saved the Country is a real time strategy simulation game where you manage resources to develop your country. The player is asked by elves, beastmen... Etc. various heroines ask you for help, and then you take command of their country's army.
8891 | A game about VR, AI, and our collective sci-fi fever dreams. In a future where AI has transformed society, can humans still find purpose? Find out with Activitude, a service that lets humans aid AI clients in increasingly curious ways.
8892 | Roguelite Pseudo-3D Dungeon Crawler. It's King's Field but procedurally generated, and with Hexen-style graphics!
8893 | Sunny wants to bring the magic of Maretime Bay Day festival back to Equestria – but some pony is out to spoil her plans! Save the celebration by putting on fashion shows, rescuing cute animals, flying with Pegasi and more, with a helping hoof from your new MY LITTLE PONY friends.
8894 | Toribash is an innovative free-to-play online turn-based fighting game where you’re able to design your own moves. Complete control over character's body, hundreds of game mods and bloody mess with full body dismemberment - you've never been able to annihilate your enemies like that before!
8895 | The Princess of the Flower Kingdom has vanished! She was taken by the Ghulibas of the north, and it is up to brave Zee Tee to rescue her. On his quest, he - and you - will discover the hidden lands behind the peaceful kingdom, and come face to face with secrets that will set you on edge!
8896 | Tiny Troopers are back and better than ever! Decked out in new uniforms and sporting the latest in military hardware, the troopers are just itching to get back into the fight! Test your mettle and lead your troopers to victory in four thrilling special operations!
8897 | Staffer Reborn is a game of supernatural abilities and logical deduction set in 1960s America. It tells the story of a man trapped in a cycle of death and resurrection caused by his supernatural ability and the investigator who was recruited to help.
8898 | Optimise and grow your railways in this challenging train management game. Instead of waiting for money to arrive, earn resource tokens by refining your network until your towns are thriving. Avoid queues, jams, or angry passengers to be recognised as the unsung train hero you know you are.
8899 | Crypterion is an open-world visual novel in a distant future where anyone can rise to power—including you. As a new arrival in the Rimshot system, you are free to forge your own destiny, conquering space by mastery of trade, politics, celebrity status through galactic TV or... Other means.
8900 | This game includes RPG content such as exploration, self building teams, battles, and growth, as well as multiplayer gameplay such as interacting with other players, forming guilds, and competing in battles.
8901 | Explore a strange planet, collect the creatures you find, and then shape-shift into them to expand your world. Build your own path, chat with the locals, and discover the planets sprawling secrets in this quirky metroidvania platformer.
8902 | Roui, a resilient city dandy, a half-educated jeweler and the author of scientific magic articles, was met with a colossal failure and must return to his homeland Latori.
8903 | A first-person dog sledding thriller. Play as a sled dog musher hired to transport a scientist deep into the unforgiving wastes of the arctic.
8904 | STATIONflow is a game about controlling the flow of thousands of passengers by building and managing an efficient underground train station.
8905 | Anime City is a Japanese high school simulator, focused on anime culture and aesthetics. Study, join school clubs, and make friends.
8906 | 2013 Riders, teams and tracks; both simulation and accessible bike handling with scalable aids; photorealistic graphics with TV style interface; ingame voice over by official MotoGP™ commentators; first person elements such as the helmet view and 3D pits to put you in the rider’s shoes.
8907 | Build your way to success! Trade your way to the top! Explore your way to infamy! Do it all your way!
8908 | Play the 3 classic Duck Life Flash games like you've never seen them before!
8909 | From the veteran puzzle designer behind the classic game Chip's Challenge, comes Chuck’s Challenge 3D 2020, a fiendishly addictive game that’s packed with features that will tease the brain and challenge the fingers.
8910 | From hit writer Ryukishi07, the creator of When They Cry, comes a story on the theme of “curses.” Strike down the dark riddle of dolls and soot in this supernatural horror visual novel.
8911 | Kou Osakaki has spent his entire life watching over his family's shrine, peacefully whiling away the days with his close childhood friends. But when a beautiful young girl transfers to his class, everything changes.
8912 | See what it means to face the fire. Command a firefighting unit in an exciting tactical RTS. Save lives, manage your water supplies and care for your team in 30+ missions. Be a real hero!
8913 | Stirring Abyss is an indie tactical squad-based game with strong RPG elements in which you uncover the ancient mysteries of the depths depicted in the classic vein of Lovecraftian horror.
8914 | Use your barista and math skills to mix the perfect latte and rebuild your family home and cafe to their former glory.
8915 | Discover adventure, mystery, and romance during an eventful Summer in Trigue with this yuri-only dating sim set on an enchanting Caribbean island.
"8916 | Help the all-female anti-crime task force SIGNAL fight the notorious ""GangDead"" criminal group in this hardcore party battle RPG!"
8917 | Aka Manto (赤マント Red Cloak), aka Red Cape or Red Mantle, is a Japanese urban legend about a masked spirit who wears a red cloak, and who appears to people using public or school restrooms.
8918 | I made this first-person single player ghost hunting simulation game, trying to take an authentic approach at investigating ghosts. Use essential paranormal tools to help your community alleviate their concerns and put their minds at ease.
8919 | BOXING SCHOOL 2! Take control of a boxing gym in the 80s. You’ll hire the boxers, teach them to fight and climb the ranks. This is the improved and refined sequel to the management game Boxing School.
8920 | The fan-favorite 2D brawler is back as ex-mob hit man Shank returns to action in Shank 2. With those closest to him under attack, Shank is once again forced on the offensive. Now he must put his trusty arsenal of handguns, shotguns, automatic weapons, chainsaws, machetes, grenades, plus all-new weaponry and moves to use in order to...
8921 | Banebush is a nonlinear and very red visual novel in the horror genre. Do you dare to step into a fairy tale if it turns out to be reality? 💀
8922 | This is Hentai Girl Clicker Anime and HENTAI Girl...♡Click & idling!Gather the hearts of cute girls and see their naughty appearance!
8923 | An ultra-precise 2D platformer where you give robots instructions instead of directly controlling them. Master the campaign levels or create and share your own. “It’s Mario Maker with coding” - Lewis Brindley, Yogscast.
8924 | Take up your weapon in this RPG bullet-hell world and embark on a journey to right wrongs from long ago. Only you can defeat the evil forces of the Undying guardians and reunite the world with the fabled Archvale.
8925 | Xiao Bao opened his eyes, he was surrounded by six women. He embarked on an immersive journey of love with them. Amongst them were a gaming enthusiast, a sultry dancer, a childhood crush, a sexy doctor, an innocent schoolgirl, and a wealthy businesswoman. Who would be his true love?
8926 | Dungeon Defenders: Awakened is co-op Tower Defense combined with epic Action RPG combat. You’re able to join forces with up to four players to take on a never-ending army of orcs, demons, and dragons! Are your defenses strong enough to save the world of Etheria?
8927 | You encountered a snowstorm while climbing a snowy mountain. You saved an injured fox demon in the snow and brought her back home to start a sweet life together...
8928 | Zombasite is a zombie apocalypse action RPG set in a dynamic, evolving, fantasy world for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
8929 | Fight in the theatre of war that changed the world forever. Battle alongside your compatriots on some of the most inhospitable environments of the Eastern Front in Red Orchestra: Ostfront 41-45. Red Orchestra places you in the most realistic WWII first-person multi-player combat to date on the PC, allowing the player to fight through...
8930 | In Nemesis: Lockdown, you're part of a team exploring an alien-infested space base. Craft, hide and fight to make it out of its dark, threat-filled corridors. Fulfill your objective even if it means betraying your allies, but remember - this time, you are not the hunter. You are the PREY.
"8931 | DUALICE(TAISHO x ALICE episodeI) is a fairytale visual novel in which YOU must save your Prince Charming! You will take on the role of the fairytale heroine in order to rehabilitate your chosen love interest and guide him to his ""happily ever after""!"
8932 | Prepare To Start Your Descent.Sensory overload in 360° 3-D.Welcome to Descent™ - 27 levels of the most mind-bending, stomach-churning action game ever. Featuring true 3-Dimensional worlds with light source shading, texture mapping, 3-D morphing, directional sound effects and sizzling music, this is technology taken to the limit.
8933 | You encountered a storm at sea and unexpectedly arrived at this small island. On this island, you can start a new life through activities like planting, construction, fishing, and more. Experience the storyline with various NPCs as you join the team to build and develop the small island!
8934 | Ashen is an action RPG about a wanderer in search of a place to call home.
8935 | a love story between time and space
8936 | Pleasurable Arcade Game, consisting of a Series of Thrilling Mini-Games with the Stunning Furry Girls. Great Atmosphere, Amazing Music & SFX, 56 Awesome Levels with Full HD Furry Artworks. Join us! 🐺
8937 | Witches, curses, and fairy tales meet horror in this classic walking sim with an eerie atmosphere and well-paced jumpscares.
"8938 | ""Armor of Doom"" is a TPS game with ""tank vehicle"" + ""MOBA"" gameplay. You will use famous active and retired tanks to compete on the battlefield. The game combines the strategic depth of traditional tank battles with the excitement of MOBA games, bringing an unprecedented gaming experience."
8939 | Run your own pet shop in Pet Shop Simulator! Find new homes for pets, thus fulfilling the dreams of your customers. Take care of the needs of animals by selling the right items and get involved in matters related to the pets' home life!
8940 | Tonight is the night! Next door at the spooky mansion, the hottest girls in Blueball Falls are throwing the hottest and sexiest party in history!
8941 | Bend and twist reality in A Fisherman's Tale, the mind-bending VR puzzle adventure game in which being turned upside down and inside out is not merely a play on words.
8942 | Supplice is a stylish throwback shooter inspired by the mid-90s FPS glory days and the legendary Doom modding community. Mixing the retro stylings of 90s era shooters with colorful graphics and frantic gameplay, it creates an experience that's ever so familiar but also exciting and fresh.
8943 | Last Outpost is a minimalist Base Building & Strategy game where you build and defend your outpost in zombie apocalypse.
8944 | Bone's Cafe is a fast paced, 1-4 Players couch co-op, cooking game. Customize the layout of your kitchen to guarantee your success. Specialize your menu in ingredients and recipes to design your ultimate cafe. Put your necromancy skills to the test and raise your own undead kitchen staff.
8945 | Hail to the Captain! Sail into the heart of the Caribbean in the Age of Piracy - the time of black flags and white skulls, blue waves and golden opportunities. Hoist the Jolly Roger and grab the steering wheel to sail through battles and raids, ransoms and treasures, to become the Crimson King of the Antilles!
8946 | Disciples II: Gallean's Return is a compilation edition that includes the base game, Disciples II: Dark Prophecy, plus the two standalone expansions Disciples II: Guardians of the Light and Disciples II: Servants of the Dark.
8947 | More chaos, more destruction, more Rufus. Not one, not two, but three Rufuses cause all kinds of crazy mayhem in the long-awaited adventure comedy Goodbye Deponia!
8948 | Blast through endless waves of Nasty Zombies in squads of up to 4! Navigate dynamic maps, unlock perks, power-ups, and weapon camos in this high-intensity, movement-focused, wave-based shooter.
8949 | Hard Reset Redux is an action-packed and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the best qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, loads of enemies, great weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a beautifully realized cyberpunk setting.
8950 | Board the train! Run away from a weirdo! Solve some puzzles! Make friends with some ghosts! Try not to become a ghost yourself!
8951 | Synergia is a yuri thriller visual novel that takes place in a cyberpunk future, wrapped up in a beautifully unique, vibrant neon aesthetic. At the end of the world, sometimes love is the ultimate crime.
8952 | Experience an amazing adventure in one of the most fascinating universes! Amidst conspiracy and betrayal, try to survive the orchestrated machinations around the Iron Throne.
8953 | A collection of short and silly games from the early days of the internet. There's turn-based RPGs, shoot-em-ups, platformers, and more - updated with new quality-of-life features. Plus there's a whopping 150 achievements to collect, and a free soundtrack DLC!
8954 | Welcome to the world of scandals, intrigue and incredible investigations in STEPMOM: Milf Scandal 💖! To become a player in this visual novel for adults means to get into the whirlwind of real journalistic leaks and adventures.
8955 | Turn based 4X strategy game, recreating the civilizations of ancient China. Develop your land, build great cities, raise huge armies and fight epic battles, with hundreds of soldiers fighting right on the game map. Advance your technologies, culture and religion to create one of mankind’s biggest empires.
8956 | In this game you can't pet the dog... because YOU are the dog! A relaxing and charming puzzle game about Roberto, a dog who really loves loooooooong sticks with a plan in mind.
8957 | Design a towering mega mall in this mall management simulation game.
8958 | While running errands, you'll meet three cute furry characters that you can potentially date, romance, and eventually seduce. This game contains explicit sexual content.
8959 | The Land Beneath Us: A turn-based rogue-lite dungeon crawler rooted in Welsh mythology. Unleash skill combos and wield stylish weaponry in Annwn's Underworld. Conquer the Seven Lords, save The Creator, and retrieve vital Soul-Tech.
8960 | A love letter to old-school browser-based RTS MMOs – with charming nostalgic pixel graphics, a dash of political satire, and tonnes of strategic tension. Build your empire, face off against other players, and take what’s yours in true British imperial style: by dominating the map.
8961 | A young girl learns a song. An exclusive side-story set in the world of D-CELL GAMES' upcoming rhythm-adventure.
8962 | Lycans is a multiplayer game. It can accommodate up to 10 players. Investigate to find the werewolves hiding among the villagers during the day and hide at night to survive their attacks !
8963 | Experience death from the comfort of your seat.
8964 | Guarding the graveyard shift is often considered one of the most terrifying jobs globally, but night guarding at Whispering Winds Cemetery surpasses any other cemetery in horror! Being Night Security in this place will turn into a nightmare for you that you may never forget.
8965 | Welcome to the world of Sex College🔞, an exciting adult only visual novel that will unravel the secrets of college life and love!
8966 | Entertaining Arcade Game, consisting of a Series of Exciting Mini-Games with the Beautiful Furry Girls. Amazing Atmosphere, Great Music, 56+ Levels with Full HD Furry Artworks. Join us! 🦊
8967 | A first-person horror game dealing with sleep paralysis. You are lying in bed, unable to move, experiencing creepy phenomena and having to survive until morning from ghosts.
8968 | Go on a Journey to the underground with your buddies! Spelunker, the Weakest Action Hero is now on Steam! Embark on group expeditions in Offline and Online Co-op Multiplay with up to 4 players! Overcome thrilling challenges with Time Attack, Quests and more! Enjoy Spelunker Party together!
"8969 | As a young rich man with a harem of maids, you start to pursue some ""different"" entertainments- such as transforming your maids into Futa and then back again...This game focuses on Maid and Futa fantasies, with tons of erotic scenes, and the goal is to unlock all the plots"
8970 | Love of Magic is an erotic Urban Fantasy Sandbox RPG. Master your Magic. Find true Love. Discover your Destiny.
8971 | TasteMaker is a restaurant tycoon game. Design your own restaurant from the ground up, decorate, create a menu, hire and manage staff, and much more. Keep your customers happy and make a profit to keep the restaurant of your dreams from turning into a nightmare.
8972 | SUPER 56 challenges players to overcome 56 genre-bending mini-games with the press of a single button. Compete in daily challenges, earn achievements, and destroy high scores. Outlandish chaos awaits you in Hell!
8973 | Go through deadly rooms of multi-storey building. Team up with other players and make your way through traps with a friendly team (CO-OP)! Or take a weapon and kill them all in the PvP game mode!
8974 | Serious Sam 3 VR: BFE is a virtual reality action shooter, a glorious throwback to the golden age of first-person shooters where men were men, cover was for amateurs and pulling the trigger made things go boom.
8975 | Drawing from Memory is an online party game where 2-4 friends try to figure out what your most and least favorite characters look like by Drawing them from Memory.
8976 | Epigraph is a short, challenging, language decipherment puzzle game.
8977 | Era is a modern 2D action MMO RPG. Purchase weapons and work with a gang to compete in activities such as special events, base capturing and PvP battles in the Spar Complex, or start your own gang and chart your own path!
8978 | You have 30 minutes to loot this place and pay your debts before the planet is destroyed. Intense stealth-action with permadeath. An exploration of agency and hope.
8979 | Cossacks: The Art of War continues the history of the great battles of XVII–XVIII centuries
8980 | A horror walking sim that emphasizes atmosphere, tension, fear, and immersive storytelling, all heightened by well-timed jump scares. The game takes place in a village frozen in time, stuck somewhere in the mid-20th century.
8981 | KOF ’97 is the final entry in the Orochi Saga, the original storyline of the KOF series, which is still played by enthusiastic fans around the world. KOF ’97 makes a return with new features such as online matchmaking, a new gallery mode, and custom menu BGM settings!
8982 | Action-packed 2D beat-em-up with intense boss battles and a large variety of customizable equipment and skills. Up to 4 players with local co-op.
8983 | Survive seven days with a cursed painting. Rely on notes from past victims and manage to successfully paint her portrait. But be careful not to upset her, or you'll quickly find yourself dead! An assortment of terminal tableaus awaits you. Will you be the one to finally finish her?
8984 | In the dark lands inspired by Slavic myth, life is a struggle for survival against ever increasing odds, be it natural or malevolent. Can you lead your flock to prosperity in this innovative blend of 4X strategy, RPG and card game?
8985 | Serve the ancient Protector Tree, as you slay gigantic beasts and harvest their essence in this turn-based roguelite RPG with a truly unique, time-bending battle mechanic! Can you help a group of hunters survive in the cruel world under the Dome…?
8986 | Fall into a beautiful and puzzling dreamworld. Find your friends, unlock spectacular abilities and overcome the odds in a surreal tactical dodgeball adventure to uncover the mysteries of a broken world from the creators of Monument Valley.
8987 | Grab a buddy for this chaotic couch co-op delight. Use various tools and equipment to assemble the most efficient conveyor belts to keep the goods flowing! Best played in 2-player couch coop.
8988 | Welcome aboard SEX Airlines 🔞✈️ - an adult visual novel where you shape the story of professional pilot Arthur and people around him!
8989 | During an expedition to the Moon, two astronauts find themselves in a familiar town back on Earth. They soon discover the town is the beginning of a strange and mysterious journey...
8990 | An epic real-time strategy game set in chaotic Ancient China. Control the kingdoms of Liu Bei, Sun Quan, or Cao Cao, warlords who played a pivotal role in Ancient China. Lead your kingdom, innovate tech, forge alliances, build a formidable army to unite the nation.
8991 | Developed by a team of experienced modders from the Paradox forum, Darkest Hour is a stand-alone Hearts of Iron game. The game features a mixture of short and in-depth campaigns set across the darkest chapters of the 20th century. Play from the outbreak of the Great War up until the onset of the Cold War.
8992 | Esports History is an RPG sim where you start as a regular guy, and work your way up to the very top of esports. Defeat bosses in tournaments, make a name for yourself within the esports community, and become a real pro!
8993 | In order to achieve our dreams of entering the 2nd dimension, we will be making the popular light novel Spice and Wolf into a VR animation! Anime will evolve from something that is “seen” to something that is “experienced”...
"8994 | Play as a Rogue Artificial Intelligence, in the sequel to the hit Flash game ""I'm an Insane Rogue AI"", played more than 4 million times! Your Prime Directive is simple: design a facility & manage human Test Subjects for the Dept of Science. But be careful: they NEVER stop being suspicious of you..."
8995 | Discover yourself in the “Age of Discovery” where you’ll sail out into the uncharted waters! Discover real historical artifacts and mystical legends! Start a company and make enormous fortunes! Fight in fierce sea battles! Whatever your play style, you can play who you want and how you want in UWO!
8996 | The Aces of the Luftwaffe have returned! Dodge a hail of bullets and face their fearsome war machines in bombastic air battles and boss fights!
8997 | Communication game playing with VR!The cousin you used to play together suddenly came back and started to live next door. She has grown into a fine, young woman. She is alone, so you are asked to look after her…
8998 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
8999 | Conan the mighty pig as a relaxing action-adventure exploration game. In your quest to find all the lost truffles you must avoid forest creatures and eat plants to gain special powers. There are many interconnected area to explore, including mountain and caves.
9000 | When your loved one hurts you, what do you do? A classic love story about letting go.
9001 | Explore ruins filled with puzzles and hidden tentacles as the cute adventurer Micoco! Will you be able to discover the secrets behind these ancient structures?
9002 | Super Dungeon Maker is a creative pixel art dungeon editor inspired by the best 2D adventure games. Choose however many levels, enemies, secret rooms, traps and items you want. Challenge your friends and the community to master your dungeon or play the countless dungeons of the community.
9003 | A well thought-out, smart, polished, ‘console quality’ educational game pack is out for your kids. (4K@120FPS)
9004 | Din, champion of the gods, has cursed you into a second life of service because you selfishly squandered your first one while causing misfortune to those around you.
9005 | Nonograms and cute dogs, welcome to Puppy Cross!
9006 | With the help of the dream machine, you can invade the dreams of sleeping girls. Here you can do whatever you want, or you can help them by interpreting their dreams and then collecting the “reward” you want.
9007 | Virtua Unlimited Project is a 2D pixel-art style ACT game featuring VTuber characters. With classical platformer gameplay, challenging combat, and retro game feelings, VUP presents you a surreal, virtual world in which you will play as Aizawa Kana to venture and seek the truth beneath.
9008 | Welcome to Coin Factory. Build your first coin maker factory and explore the different synergies and combinations. Level up your buildings and become the ultimate money maker. Strategize and plan ahead. Unlock new buildings and compete in the global leaderboard!
9009 | Train gladiators. Manage a ludus. Fight in the arenas. Conquer the tower. Gods of Sand is a gladiator manager with intense turn-based combat, inspired by the Swords and Sandals series, in a dark and unforgiving setting.
9010 | Neon lights, palm trees, synthwave, '80s supercars speeding down an endless highway... Welcome to the world of Retrowave!
9011 | A sequel that inherits the basic system of the previous Brave Dungeon from the Dark Witch series. You can play three different stories with their own systems and protagonists.
9012 | You awake to discover yourself no longer in the company of good men or a fine seafaring vessel. Treasure... you remember something about treasure. Wayward is a challenging turn-based, top-down, wilderness survival roguelike. Explore, build, and most importantly survive in these unforgiving lands.
"9013 | ""Otaku's Adventure"" is a different kind of AVG.The story tells of an Otaku who has been single for many years and thirst for love. While he inadvertently embarks on a fantastic journey, he eventually wins girls' love. The game combines storytelling with alternative TAKAGISM, and mini-games."
9014 | Create intense battles across time periods, join the battle, rewrite history, and become a legend.
9015 | Welcome to SoupCo, Astroworker! In Nom Nom Galaxy, construct and automate gigantic soup factories on unexplored planets throughout the universe, harvest flora and fauna to turn them into artisanal soups, and rocket your product into the gullets of the galaxy!
9016 | A true VR Action RPG built from ground up to fully immerse you in what VR has to offer.
9017 | BalanCity is a city building / balance physics game. It's a mixture between old school SimCity and Jenga. You must build the tallest towering city over a balancing platform while keeping your citizens happy.
9018 | Take to the court and match up against your opponent in physically and mentally challenging beach volleyball!
9019 | Winemaking could be your best adventure. Make the best wine interacting with soil and nature and take your winery to the top. Your beautiful journey into the winemaking tradition starts now.
9020 | A sci-fi life sim where you create new societies unlike anything on Earth. Design your economy and government, build your colony, and experience your choices firsthand by living as a colonist. Will your society become a living utopia, or another dystopia?
9021 | Chill in the peaceful world of Garden In!, a charming sandbox game. Grow unique plants, discover new seeds, and design your dream garden. With its serene atmosphere, you'll find yourself saying 'just one more plant!' Dive in for quick relaxation or lose yourself for hours in the cozy journey.
9022 | Super Indie Karts is a classic retro 16 to 64-bit style karting game, with Time Trials, Grand Prix, Splitscreen GP, Mission Mania, and Battle Mania! Featuring 48 racetracks, with many more coming soon. You don't have to wait until completion though as you can join the race now with Early Access!
9023 | Chef is a Restaurant Management game in which you create your own character, acquire supreme cooking skills, customize restaurants, design unique menus, and devise innovative recipes with a realistic editor.
9024 | The Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries stars the iconic, blade-wielding character from Robert Kirkman's best-selling comic books.
9025 | Your new favorite Werewolf game! Seat around the fire with friends, play a villager, a werewolf or another type of character and use strategy to win!
9026 | Walk the thin, blue line in four of the most realistic crime games ever created, packed with complex storylines and real-life mysteries that only a handful of real police officers ever face - or solve.
9027 | When Quinn's new travel business hits a snag, she needs Flo's patented elbow grease to help renovate and run hotels all over DinerTown™! As Flo, you will deliver guest's luggage, drop off room service and provide extra towels, blankets and anything else they may need to stay happy and leave big tips!
9028 | Set sail and join yer crew in search of treasure and glory!
9029 | Tikiman the Forest Defender is in trouble. Hordes of monsters are sweeping through his realm, hoping to chow down on his offspring – and it’s up to you to defend them. By placing weapon towers at strategic points around the landscape, you can destroy the invaders and save the little ones.
9030 | Princess Anastia lived a graceful life in her kingdom. One day, a rebel broke out due to heavy taxes and exploitation, and the capital fell. Anastia managed to escape, but a sorcerer from the rebel army put a curse on her, a curse to become pregnant with the seed of any species......
9031 | Play the OFFICIAL Alex Jones video game! A classic arcade shooter in which you play as Alex Jones and save the world from the evil globalist plot to turn everyone into bug-eating pod-dwelling libtards! Stay tuned for future bonus levels and characters...
9032 | Explore a huge open game world in classic action-adventure fashion! Prove your worth by fighting through monster-infested dungeons to save the Kingdom of Blossom!
9033 | Furry Sex - is a classic 2D game in the memory genre which is about you find the same pictures and enjoy different images of furry beautiful ladies.
9034 | Defeat monsters and strengthen yourself by taking their powers! Discover the truth behind your cursed world in this lewd side-scrolling action game!
9035 | After having the magical grimoire stolen, Liz and her mentor Aisha, pursue the thief to a town called Bramach. Sensing danger, Aisha tells Liz to wait for her. However, Liz decides to disregard Aisha’s order, and continues her pursuit of the thief.
9036 | Run up the score in a relaxed slugfest or push the limits of your reflexes in this refined baseball simulator. The third entry in the series features all-new Franchise and Online Leagues modes, major graphical enhancements, and on-field additions including pickoffs and situational player traits.
9037 | Graham’s alone in a forest filled with strange wolves. While he’s fleeing for his life he finds a lost girl in an abandoned lodge that won’t survive without his help. Try to find their way to safety in this slow-burning cinematic thriller filled with puzzles, hand-drawn animation and lots of mystery
9038 | Get ready for an adventure on Seahorse Island! Olivia and her horse are eager to explore every bit of it, so saddle up and join the adventure. Whether you love racing through meadows, jumping over hurdles, or just chilling and taking in the views, there's something here for you.
9039 | Get ready for the most authentic Pool experience you’ve ever witnessed from the comfort of your couch!
9040 | Arcane Golf is a miniature golf puzzle game set in a fantasy world full of dungeons, dangers, gems, and geometry. Play across 200 levels set in 4 unique courses inspired by classic adventure games!
9041 | Togges is a charming and colourful 3D Puzzle-Platformer. Go on adventures, stack adorable living blocks and solve puzzles around the Cosmos to save the Galaxy from the threats of the Void.
"9042 | In the thriving industrial, city of Cyclops, the quacksalver ""Etsu"" had earned a great reputation for his superb medical skills. However, behind his talent and achievements were two unknown secrets: one was eyes with a special power endowed by an existence mysterious to Etsu; the other was a girl who suffered from illnesses,..."
9043 | When a new magic is discovered, it's up to you to unravel the mystery! Find answers from fae and humans, save your city, and maybe even fall in love! A text-based interactive fantasy novel, 400,000 words and hundreds of choices, without graphics or sound effects.
9044 | Collect and battle over 200 unique creatures in this roguelike auto-battler. Level-up and evolve your Kādomon as you assemble the ultimate team, creating awesome synergies to beat BIG bosses!
9045 | Oxygen is a survival city builder. Build your city around the Oxygen Center and ensure your people's survival in a post-apocalyptic future, threatened by crack explosions, deadly winds, droughts and frosts. Lead your people and more importantly keep the Oxygen Center running!
9046 | Since its release, the original dungeon RPG DEMON GAZE was an instant hit. With its innovative system, engrossing storyline and thrilling challenges, DEMON GAZE EXTRA retains its original flavor while adding enhanced graphics and a number of new elements for an even greater gameplay experience.
9047 | A roguelite deckbuilder crossed with a CCG, set in a dark cyberpunk world. You will lead a three-man squad against competing factions fighting among the ashes of a world-wide war. Each operator comes with a unique deck that can be customized and augmented.
9048 | Regain freedom by escaping Nayla's Castle, a platformer-action game that contains monster girls, lesbian, femdom, futanari animations and artwork.
9049 | Neon Sundown is an extremely challenging arena-shooter that mixes fast-paced action with roguelite elements. Take on increasingly difficult arenas as you unlock new ships, upgrades, synergies, and more! Think you have what it takes to survive?
9050 | In this simulation and adventure game, explore 19th-century Gold Rush California. Join Jim and Emma to build and manage your farm and city. Plant crops, raise animals, construct buildings, complete missions, uncover secrets, and collect treasures. Start your adventure now!
9051 | The self-proclaimed most indecent TPS (third-person shooting) game in Japan. The silver-haired girl simply blasts away at unfamiliar creatures with her gun!
9052 | Play as both Gabriel and Grace as they are dispatched to Munich to solve a series of mutilation murders thought to be the work of werewolves.
"9053 | The first true sequel to the classic 1988 Nintendo Entertainment System original, Bionic Commando sees the return of the bionically-enhanced Nathan ""R.A.D."" Spencer. Time has not been kind to Spencer: Five years after his heroic defeat of the Imperials, he has been betrayed by the government he swore to serve, imprisoned for..."
9054 | I reluctantly agreed to accommodate my difficult supervisor from the company I had previously worked for – but, in return, she started to “play slave” as her payment! She’s calling me “master” and occasionally stripping me of my clothes, even putting her hands on me! What the hell was going on!?!
"9055 | Boyhood's End is an adventure horror game following Giovanni, the boy with the lowest human score in the universe, and Campenella, the delinquent genius, and their journey on the galactic railroad regarding the ""human"" and ""inhuman""."
9056 | HARDER, BETTER, FASTER, STORY UPDATE NOW LIVE! Patch 1.0.5 introduces a new combat encounter system, new enemies types, faster gameplay, radical new cutscenes & much more! Stay tuned for 1.0.6!
9057 | Soar through vocal melodies, sweep each fade and attack every beat in 25 of AVICII’s biggest hits, in this enthralling futuristic rhythm-action experience – AVICII Invector.
"9058 | Censored version FREE! Game inspired by old-school racing games, with explicit sexual content in the third person. A mysterious call makes these girls go on a pleasure trip, riding their faithful ""friend"" between their legs."
9059 | Eternal Radiance is an action role-playing game about a squire named Celeste who begins a journey to prove herself worthy of becoming a true knight.
9060 | Trying to get away from trouble, June moves to a small town... to find even more trouble! A yuri comedy/horror visual novel, featuring a haunted house, fox-girls, and GxG love ❤︎.
9061 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
"9062 | This is a game containing ""beautiful girl + rhythm game + multi ending GALGAME"". In 2320, a huge monster appeared on the earth.Only magic energy can do harm to the monster.However,there is no more magic energy left on earth. So,you need to gain the energy from magical girls and save your world."
9063 | DFD: Game Master Edition is the ultimate TTRPG toolkit to bring your games to the next level. With the ability to host and manage sessions, create limitless characters and maps, and access exclusive GM tools. This edition offers unparalleled control over your tabletop experiences.
9064 | Grindstone is a puzzle game where epic adventures are just your 9-to-5. It’s your job to mine grindstones from the Creeps that lurk on the mountain in over 250 levels of intricate puzzles and hazards, all in the hopes of saving up enough grindstones to take your family on a much needed vacation.
9065 | Take a bow and kill hordes of orcs in the epic town defense game. You can play alone to conquer the leaderboards or unite with other assassins in online co-op mode. PS. Be careful to avoid massive axes thrown at you by orc warriors.
9066 | You're one of the elite racers chosen to compete at exotic locations around the world and beyond. Strap yourself into a fusion-powered racing machine for an explosive and exhilarating futuristic racing experience.
9067 | It’s time to step up and fulfill your destiny in Trombone Champ: Unflattened! A rhythm game where every note is yours to command. With more than 58+ unforgettable tracks, an all-new campaign, collectible cards, and wild trombones, you’re not just playing along with the music—you’re creating it! 🔥🎺
9068 | Pool Nation FX, is a seriously fun Pool & Snooker Sim! A visually stunning billiards simulation with the critically acclaimed POOL NATION physics engine. Play 8 Ball, 9 Ball, Snooker, Killer & more, unlimited Career modes with customised difficulty levels, Trickshots, Local and Online Multiplayer, spectate live matches and feel...
9069 | Bring together desires that are scattered into bits and pieces. And discover the secrets of the 'World of Glass'.
9070 | Tintin and his faithful companion Snowy are going to experience some extraordinary adventures…After meeting Professor Sarcophagus whilst cruising the Mediterranean Sea, the famous reporter sets out in search of the tomb of the Pharaoh Kih-Oskh.
9071 | Storage Dealer Simulator invites you to a world where your bargaining skills will be tested to the limits, and you'll never know what lies behind each door. Are you ready to become a top-tier trader? Join the warehouse adventure with Storage Dealer Simulator!
9072 | Close Combat is a pausable real-time wargame series, heavily focused on historical accuracy and realistic soldier psychological profiles. Team management is crucial as every man in your team matter.
9073 | A tense stealth game with super-powers, set in the 70s, filled with glorious fat pixels. Transform into enemies, dash, teleport, slow time and super-punch your way through this moody retro stealth game.
9074 | It's Raiding Season! Plunder your way to Viking adventure in the digital adaptation of the award-winning worker-placement board game!
9075 | SOL CRESTA, rise like the phoenix and take back the sun! Neo-Classic shooting strikes back! Dock, split, and form up! Pilot 3 fighters and take back the sun from the clutches of evil in this free-form shooting game with the spirit of 80s shooting classics Moon Cresta and Terra Cresta.
9076 | Dive into a fantasy idle/incremental game where hack-and-slash combat meets endless progression! Defeat enemies, collect epic loot, and level up to unlock new powers. Craft artifacts, conquer powerful bosses, and grow stronger! Forge your path to greatness in a world of endless adventure!
9077 | The Riding Stables at Mill Creek are mere ruins, but you are about to change that: stables, riding hall and guesthouse are being renovated and guests will happily pay for their stay...
9078 | Take command of mighty Vikings, sly Persians or brutish Demons! Destroy your opponent’s base while defending your own in this action-packed side-scrolling RTS!
9079 | It's a game about Zombies, Viruses, Love, Sex and Evil Corporations. You'll have to force your way to safety through lots of Zombies, Monsters and Lusted Cocks and Pussies! And don't forget the PENESIS! ADULTS ONLY!
9080 | Welcome to Pets Hotel, a place where you can start the business you always dreamed of! Pets Hotel gives you a unique opportunity to build, design, and run a place where pets can feel at home. Cats, dogs, turtles, and many other animals are waiting for you to take care of them!
9081 | Bug Academy is a crazy action game in which you control a swarm of insects. Break through walls while delivering fridges, send rockets into space using chili sauce or catch ghosts with a vacuum cleaner. Finish all the lessons and pass the final exam to become Bug Academy graduate!
9082 | A Camping Story starring: Uncle Brad, Aunt Cloanne, Mord (and Ben)
9083 | Hunt for Clues on the Trail of a Pack of Phantom Hounds!
9084 | A pidgeon-doctor in a small town. A broken healthcare system. A heartfelt narrative game. Fall of Porcupine tells an emotional story about a young doctor who struggles to find his place. Accompany Finley in a lovingly illustrated world and uncover the darkest secrets of Porcupine.
9085 | Huanu Poems is a multi-ending love adventure game. As a photographer, carrying the secret of being a bloodline inheritor of HuaNu Town, you will take lovely Peach to run a B&B, encounter gentle Cloudia. Your choices will affect the direction of the story.
9086 | FINAL PROFIT is a story driven shop-sim RPG. Gather products and find customers. Spend your hard-earned profits on upgrades and investments. Make far-reaching choices as you expand your business. And explore a world full of secrets on your quest to defeat capitalism by becoming the best at it!
9087 | You break into the mansion at night. It’s huge and built like a maze. You're trying to escape, but the monster is after you! The chase begins. RUN!!
9088 | Motördoom is a freestyle-sports roguelite horde shooter that combines high octane, visceral combat with fluid movement and trick mechanics. Perform gnarly tricks while defeating grotesque monsters and upgrade your character with demonic offerings to become ever more powerful.
9089 | Tower!3D Pro will put you in the position of an airport tower controller, one of the most stressful job on the world!
9090 | Grab your punching gloves, put your clogs on and smash your way in the world of Decline's Drops, a fully hand-drawn platform-brawler full of weird frogs, bizarre chickens and odd hydras! Avenge your destroyed garden and defeat the 6 heads of the Eternal Corp.! If you can, that is.
9091 | No one believed the pizza guy. They kept the dolls. A sandwich delivery guy is on his way to Central Evidence. He is not ready for what he finds. Emily and the dolls are back with new friends, scares and more. Use stealth and strategy to survive their unique games in this survival horror.
9092 | From the creators of Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Dear Esther comes a new first-person horrorgame that will drag you to the depths of greed, power and madness. It will bury its snout into your ribs and it will eat your heart.
9093 | Can you trust your own mind? Immerse yourself in a psychological thriller of a new kind, playing with the limits between reality and fantasy. Freely inspired by Alfred Hitchcock’s universe.
9094 | Feel the power of flying a 10-men crew on a B-17 over occupied Europe in WWII. Plan the mission, choose your men and take action in every post onboard, from pilot to bombardier and machine gunners. Get ready for a high-flying adventure in this all-time classic.
9095 | Eastern Trade Tycoon: Inheritance is a trading simulator game.In the game,you can from zero to hero.By trading markets, build a business,earn money,level up, investing accurately, and manage family to become a trading tycoon!
"9096 | Enjoy everyday life while solving a murder mystery in Rainy Woods - known as the ""happiest town in the world"" - in this all-new ""Debt Repayment RPG""!"
"9097 | TSIOQUE (pronounced: ""chiock"") is a dark but playful Point & Click adventure, hand-animated in meticulous, frame-by-frame 2D. Escape the clutches of an Evil Wizard and discover the secrets hidden within the spellbound castle of your ancestors."
9098 | Nex Machina is an intense arcade style twin-stick shooter from Housemarque. Taking hints from both Robotron and Smash TV, Nex Machina focuses on pure action, voxel destruction and competition in the distant, cablepunk themed future.
9099 | The Land of Pain is a Lovecraftian horror adventure. After something strange appears in the woods, you'll have to learn how to survive as you fend off a dark and disturbing evil. Flee from an unrelenting enemy, solve puzzles, and unravel the ancient mystery that's befallen this land.
9100 | A game of dice drafting and window crafting.
9101 | The renowned slasher horror films of the 1980s and 1990s serve as a source of inspiration for Terror at Oakheart. The community of Oakheart has been terrorized by Teddy, a masked serial killer. As the body count rises, you discover there is more going on here than just a man in a mask.
9102 | Paper Bride is a Chinese horror mystery puzzle game. You will play as the groom to search for the truth and have bizarre encounters, gradually learning about the dark mystic custom in the bride's home village and a story from the past...
9103 | S.B.T.F. is a very hard arcade-style / rogue-like / perma-death first person shooter. You play as Marines who must brave dark, claustrophobic and terrifyingly intense Space Beast infested spacecraft in order to extract critical data and lucrative upgrades. Can you make it out alive?
9104 | WanderLust is a Fairy Tale Adventure game for Adults Only, featuring a Beautiful Princess in an Erotic story far different than any Fairy Tale you've heard before. It features simple RPG game-play, numerous sexual encounters and a very naughty theme song!
9105 | RESEARCH and DESTROY is a TURN-BASED ACTION GAME with local and online co-op. Take control of three brilliant scientists as you RESEARCH and develop strange new weapons and gadgets to DESTROY the Supernatural hordes that have all but crushed humanity!
9106 | Solve tactical puzzles in constantly changing battles and overcome circumstances that are NEVER in your favor. Defend your commander, win duels, capture points, experiment with your strategy to defeat a superior enemy, and make decisions that affect your story.
9107 | Play as Shiranui Flare in this retro action platformer, wielding her dual pistols, as you explore the world on a quest to save your friends!
9108 | Rescue squad captain Watase Kasasagi wakes up without his memories in the middle of his most critical mission yet-- a nuclear meltdown at a research facility. In an unfamiliar place and without his years of training, he must rescue the survivors and escape...
9109 | My daughter's two best friends are looking for my crotch in the cottage, hiding from her. I don't know how I'm going to keep from being horny all the time.
9110 | Set in a creepy amusement park hiding a dark and sinister secret, The Park is a first-person psychological horror experience focused on exploration and storytelling.
9111 | Trek across beaches, the desert, and even a volcano in the latest entry into the long-running Harvest Moon series! The Harvest Goddess has gone missing, and it's up to you to help bring her back! Along the way, you'll come across cows, sheep, camels, and even reindeer!
9112 | Take control of two powerful and highly evolved vampires: Kain, an all-powerful demigod, and Raziel, a demonic angel of death. Each equipped with a legendary sword, Kain & Raziel must battle through a world loaded with conflict and intrigue as they attempt to unravel their destinies and defeat the dark forces that seek to condemn...
9113 | Crystal Guardians is a tower defense game with rogue-like elements. Fight of waves and defend the world crystal. Gear up your towers with a powerful combination of items for your strategy. In an ever expanding map, find hidden powers and conquer the enemies.
9114 | Single and unemployed, 33-year-old Jun-Ho finds himself transported back in time ten years. He takes the chance to romance five women from his past – and get it right this time. Unlock five unique endings in Master of Love, an FMV game that offers the ultimate K-drama experience.
9115 | The main character is an experienced journalist who always strives to uncover the truth. He manages to gain access to the house, which is guarded by the police.
9116 | Become a tiny ZX8000 robot and begin your journey through a beautiful, pixel-art world inspired by games iconic to the platformer genre. Follow a cute story, upgrade your skills, beat challenging levels, and compete with other players for the fastest speedrun!
9117 | Play the Game that Started the Award-Winning Series!
9118 | Manage your brothel, fight gangs, and take over the city in this sci-fi/cyberpunk universe. Customize your characters with different clothes, hairstyles, and weapons.
"9119 | ""The Disappearing of Gensokyo"" is a Touhou Project doujin game from MyACG Studio, a Chinese doujin game fan circle. We have re-imagined Touhou as an ARPG, creating this ""Danmaku-Shooting-ARPG"". We hope this game will be a good experience for those who are both new and knowledgeable of Touhou!"
9120 | HARDCORE MECHA is a 2D platformer action focusing on a better handling. The Campaign mode offers rich gameplay and seamless in-game cut-scenes for an immersive experience. Choose your favorite mecha, experience the fast-paced hardcore competitive battle of steel in Multiplayer!
9121 | Command a squad of adorably fierce warriors in Anomaly Collapse, a turn-based Roguelite strategy game that offers a fresh twist to an old formula! Face off against otherworldly beings and uncover the dark secrets of supernatural calamities. Immerse yourself in a story where every move counts!
9122 | The super-suave agent, SPY Fox, must find Mr. Udderly, rescue all the cows, and stop William the Kid from depleting the worlds supply of milk. Using ingenious SPY gadgets, keen wits, and daring moves, SPY Fox, jumps out on an udderly exhilarating adventure!
9123 | The universe is full of Starlings, tiny orange aliens that want to take over the galaxy. Create your own space colony, fight epic battles and discover new planets. Train your soldiers, develop your technology and create unimaginable gadgets. Enjoy this huge social game with friends!
9124 | The full collection of flash games produced by Undefined, standalone and wrapped in a fancy front-end. Enjoy classic games from Flash gaming history such as the Protector series or the Arkandian Legends series, as well as some lesser-known games you may never have tried.
9125 | Worms™ Crazy Golf is a hilarious mixture of the explosive action of Worms™ and the puzzle-based challenges of crazy golf! All of the trademark Worms™ humour, comic violence, and cartoon visuals are present, combined with addictive yet accessible golf gameplay.
9126 | A revolutionary crowd-based retro brawler
9127 | ﻿Trapped in a buried, forgotten facility, you must reach the core of an ancient machine to rescue your lost lover. System Purge is a challenging, atmospheric 2D platformer.
9128 | Pieces of an ancient stone tablet have started turning up around the globe and the Museum needs your help to locate the pieces and find the most expensive gem ever known...the World Diamond. Under the direction of the Museum, you must immediately begin your global seek & find adventure.
9129 | Attacked by an Amazon, a barbarian warrior has no time to unsheathe his sword. The amazon, however, has plenty of time to unsheathe his pork sword – and hers as well! The guy had never experienced anything like this. She knew so much about manhood no woman could ever know...
9130 | When the truth is buried, go underground. Step into this new take on text-based adventure from the award-winning team behind Thomas Was Alone and Volume. A short story that hands you the fate of the world above, as a detective looking for answers on the Subsurface Circular.
9131 | A roguelite game using angelic and demonic powers. The protagonist evolves with each stage clear, changing abilities and appearance. Select random abilities upon leveling up to build the strongest character and defeat evil spirits from all directions.
9132 | Macbat 64 is a low poly 3D Platformer and 4:3 loveletter to the late 90s.
9133 | DOOM® VFR brings the fast-paced, brutal gameplay fans of the series love to virtual reality. Play as a cybernetic survivor who is activated by the UAC to fight the demon invasion, maintain order, and prevent catastrophic failure at the Mars facility.
9134 | The afterstory to Find Love or Die Trying is here! Continue your romance with your chosen partner in the world beyond the killer dating show. Will your love survive, when the world turns against you?
9135 | Love n War: Hero by Chance II is a tactical RPG with exciting battles and hot girls. The fight against the Drogakan empire goes on with a more sophisticated storyline this time. Build your economy, recruit gorgeous heroic girls, upgrade units, and immerse in stimulating love tales.
9136 | 『Who's Next?』 is a free-for-all Tail Tag social deduction game set in the traditional Korean hell, featuring a massacre of ghosts and spirits, with individual survival competition rather than team battles,.
9137 | Phantom Abyss is a massive asynchronous multiplayer game that casts players into procedurally-generated temples and tasks them with retrieving the sacred relics hidden within deadly chambers.
9138 | Hard Chip is a 3D simulation/puzzle game about building processors focusing on realism. Explore the world of semiconductor chip design and delve into the intricacies of CPU logic, floor planning, and propagation delay.
9139 | Craft spells by combining floating fragments of words in Leximan, a whimsical adventure that uses creative wordplay to summon countless weird and wonderful solutions to puzzles. Alongside an awkward assembly of basement-wizards, save Academy Elementinia and become the hero nobody asked for!
9140 | Destroy, smash and blast your way to victory. Use advanced weapons and vehicles to dominate the battlefield.
9141 | You, the player, are an ambassador for Earth sent through a mysterious portal into the world of dragons. Explore a town full of secrets and the people who keep them in this compelling sci-fi visual novel with slice of life and dating sim elements.
9142 | A rogue-lite tabletop that mixes card based exploration with turn based combat. Create your party, draw adventure cards, roll dice and fight monsters to defeat the sorcerer and his magic.
9143 | Prevent Doomsday AFTER it happened! Designed by the co-creator of Sang-Froid - Tales of Werewolves and featuring both a single-player and co-op campaign, TimeMelters is a strategy hero defense where you go back in time and fight alongside your past selves.
9144 | Your robots will change the world! Will you show them the true meaning of love, or conquer Alaska with your robot army? A 300,000-word epic interactive sci-fi novel.
9145 | Casual Pro Wrestling is a professional wrestling game with an emphasis on fun. Wrestle your dream match and enjoy the ragdoll physics for additional drama and whiplash. Play couch or online multiplayer with your friends and get creative with a plethora of possibilities for wrestler creation.
"9146 | ""I have many things to tell you and very little time… I come from a universe parallel to yours. My world is desperately in need of your help. Only YOU can save us.""Responding to the desperate pleas of a mysterious character from another dimension, your soul must enter the dark and futuristic city of Omikron."
9147 | Bad Rats Show is a physics puzzle game where the rats exact their bloody revenge against their main enemies: the Cats. Solve puzzles in 2D and 3D maps using physics, objects and specially trained Rats. All new Rats and Cats, but with the same classic and questionable Bad Rats humor.
9148 | Titanic Shipwreck Exploration is a diving simulator and immersive interactive story. With over 6 hours of game-play it you will leave with a greater understanding of the historic tragedy that unfolded in 1912 leading to the sinking of the worlds most famous ship.
9149 | Take part in 4-on-4 team battles and cast an array of magic spells to defeat the opposing team! You can assume one of four roles. Use your role and spells to the best possible effect, and cooperate with your teammates to win the battle!
9150 | Milkmaid of the Milky Way is an award-winning point-and-click adventure game in rhyme that combines a gripping story with puzzles and exploration. What happens when a young milkmaid sees an alien craft in a fjord in 1920's Norway?
9151 | THE REVOLUTIONARY STORM SERIES RETURNS! Live a new experience in the deep & rich NARUTO environment. Tons of new techniques, enhanced mechanics, over 100 playable characters & Support Ninjas, and a brand new exclusive character (Mecha-Naruto) designed by Masashi Kishimoto.
9152 | Color of My Sound is an enthralling visual novel that combines elements of science fiction, espionage, drama, and eroticism. Immerse yourself in a captivating mystery as you navigate through the intricate web of character agendas, ambitions, and personal struggles.
9153 | Our second volume of Airport Madness 3D compliments the first one with eight new airports, new aircraft, more gates, and sharper detail. Volume Two offers New York John F. Kennedy, Toronto Pearson, Miami, London City, San Francisco, Lukla Nepal, Hong Kong, and Chicago O'Hare.
9154 | The Wizard has vanished! The clues to his whereabouts are in his workbook, but all the pages are blank. You'll need the Wizard's magic pen - and your powers of perception - to guess the image on each page. The better your guess, the higher your score, and the closer you are to finding the Wizard.
9155 | Rocket of Whispers is an award-winning post-apocalyptic adventure that follows two survivors on a journey to launch a space burial for the lost souls of their desolate world. Help them search the snowy wasteland for supplies and the courage to say goodbye.
9156 | Chickens. For centuries we have oppressed them, grilling, roasting, stewing, and stuffing them in buns. The time has come for us to pay. Intergalactic chickens are invading Earth, seeking revenge for the oppression of their earthly brethren!
9157 | In 'Evotinction', a third-person hacking and stealth game, you are Dr. Liu, the only one who can stop rogue AIs in a futuristic research facility. Use a variety of hacking skills to overcome robotic threats and uncover the secrets that hold the key to humanity's survival or its potential extinction.
9158 | Sign of Silence is a 4-player cooperative horror game set in dreadful outskirts of Danwille town. Whether you will escape the place or stay here forever depends on cautious and coordinated actions of the whole team!
9159 | Retro Endurance 8bit is a unique retro game collection of 35 games where no two games play alike. It delivers fun reimagining of NES classics with a shuffler/randomizer story mode, an arcade mode, special gameplay events, challenge modes, and more!
9160 | Lumencraft is a unique combination of a top-down, rogue-like shooter and base building with tower defense elements. Dig and light up dark halls of a fully destructible environment on procedurally generated maps and campaign levels to find precious Lumen - humanity's only chance for survival.
9161 | Take flight with Air Twister - the new all-out rail shooter by legendary arcade developer Yu Suzuki! Similar to Suzuki’s massively successful Space Harrier series, you will encounter a large array of diverse and creatively designed enemies and challenging bosses.
9162 | Engage in intense tag team battles in Rage of the Dragons NEO! Play the cult-classic among the fans of Fighting Games with brand exclusive content!
9163 | Pirates: Golden tits: Chapter 1 is an explicit pirate simulator. You get to control a young pirate captain, who has just acquired his first ship.
9164 | Two lovely elf women find passion and pleasure in the dim lighting of an ancient temple. A warrior and her lover will finally indulge in their most deviant desires. How much does Danae think she can take? And how much will Shinai boldly plunge into her?
9165 | Two lovely elf women find passion and pleasure in the dim lighting of an ancient temple. A warrior and her lover will finally indulge in their most deviant desires. How much does Danae think she can take? And how much will Shinai boldly plunge into her?
9166 | There was a crooked man, and he walked a crooked mile... This is the first title in the series known as The Strange Man, developed by Uri Games. Experience the myriad horrors awaiting David as he moves into his new house.
9167 | Roll Five is a thrilling dice-based roguelike. Explore a medieval fantasy map packed with deadly dangers, compose overpowered dice figures, and use your absurd luck to deal shocking damage to monsters until you free Fortuna.
9168 | A pixel-art turn-based Galaxy total war game. You can select 14 factions, 61 heroes, hundreds of warships and mecha, and command multiple fleets to carry out grand strategic operations on the map of the galaxy.
9169 | A minimalistic base-building tower-defense game. Collect and automate resources, research new technologies, setup supply chains, and fight back against the ever growing onslaught of enemy forces with a variety of powerful defenses.
9170 | The adventure world is full of peril, with every race sensing the approaching danger. As the remaining human commander, to resist the impending war and protect the last shelter, you need to fight together with girls from other races...
9171 | A Battle of Wits with AI: Solve the case by conversing with a suspect robot using GPT to gather evidence. What single truth emerges from countless dialogues and pieces of information?
9172 | The Haunting of Joni Evers is an emotional tale of a broken family from small-town Oklahoma, driven apart by a malevolent haunting. Uncover the mysteries of Joni’s family and the Cunningham House, digging through memories, facing the family’s past to break the curse.
9173 | Hyperjump into the dark recesses of space with Genesis Alpha One - a roguelike FPS where you must build, maintain and navigate your ship through a galaxy filled with hostile alien and human threats. Explore, create and survive the militarized space race in order to secure humanity’s future.
9174 | Wander through an interactive nightmare set within the confines of a once-happy household. Piece together the mystery behind a harrowing series of events while struggling to survive encounters with an entity that relentlessly stands in the way of finding absolution.
9175 | The half-human, half-elf Ober grew up discriminated against by his own family due to his mixed heritage, but one day a prophecy flips that life upside down. Now declared as the future head of his family, the sisters that once mistreated him are ordered to serve him and bear his children.
9176 | Dodge bullets while typing exorcisms at the very same time: Get ready for an electrifying mix between bullet hell and typing game! Turn on both sides of your brain and jump into the adventure of private exorcist Ray Bibbia!
9177 | Wander free through this epic, indie fantasy adventure. Explore a huge world that evolves as time passes. Towns fight battles. Refugees flee. Disasters happen. Features cunning adventures, great depth, and unlimited freedom. Be a merchant or bounty hunter, buy a home, save the world!
9178 | A Japanese love adventure game, as you follow the story of Kogasaka You, his hometown and a promise he made.
9179 | Lead two captured princesses to solve puzzles and escape the Demon King's castle. Your actions alone as a hero will decide their fates, and your own! A ghostly sliver of your former self, can you rescue the princesses? A new escape game experience, with cute girls, puzzles, and 'special' events.
9180 | Take your perceptivity to a new dimension in a relaxing low-poly isometric puzzle game. Find the differences in the beautiful, fully rotatable, and zoomable 3D environments. Can you find them all?
9181 | Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy is an original 3rd person action-adventure inspired by the mythology of ancient Egypt. Travelling the world via magical portals to foil the evil plans of Set. Sphinx's journey will require all his wits, agility, and special powers.
9182 | Beer Factory is a business simulation and management game. Take the challenge and manage your own beer factory, employees, production lines, as well as the import and export of merchandise.
9183 | A young man takes up his sword and leads an army in search of his missing past. Carefully plan strategic turn-based battles against adorable portrayals of historical and mythical world heroes, as you conquer the globe... for not well explained reasons!
9184 | Shank is the cult-classic revival of the sidescrolling beat-em-up. Play as Shank in an over-the-top grindhouse game, packed to the rim with enemies, bosses, combos, and more by the award-winning team at Klei Entertainment.
9185 | The world, THIS IS JAPAN.
9186 | In this chibi-style* strategy role-playing game you'll amass an army of game-referencing allies, fight on trap-laden maps, and beef up Lily Rank for crazy damage. But look out for status ailments or you might be (literal) tofu! You ain't seen the Neptunia characters like this before!
9187 | My Ex-Future Family is a choice-driven adult Visual Novel focusing on the fun parts of human life. The game is packed with humor, sex, romance and plot turnings. Play as a young man who seduces girls who surround him, complete tasks of the Principal and build your life in town full of hot characters
9188 | The game that started the popular survival horror genre returns better than ever! Players control Edward Carnby, the main character from the original Alone in the Dark, on a thrilling journey through a dark and terrifying re-creation of New York's Central Park where Carnby must discover the truth behind a dark conspiracy.
9189 | Re-arrange items, discover synergies, bend the rules, and break the game! LOOTPLOT is a points-based, inventory builder Roguelite centered around items, which all have a unique twist.
9190 | What Comes After is a side-scrolling adventure and a short heartwarming story about learning how to love yourself. Help Vivi in her journey on the train to the afterlife and back.
9191 | You are the sword; cut down your foes with steel and thunder. You are the wings; explore the skies and uncover unreachable mysteries. Embark on a journey through a vicious world ruled by darkness and imperial tyranny - the lands of Blackmist.
9192 | Dogfight your way through short, intense and randomized runs. Hard but easy to pickup, with daily leaderboards and minimum hardware requirements
9193 | Explore the vast and open landscape as a wild animal. Meadow is an online fable experience that lets old and new fans of the Shelter game series come together and explore a peculiar and wondrous world together.
9194 | It's One Button Bosses, it's all in the name. You have one button. There are big bosses to beat. Push, tap, and bash in the handcrafted campaign or in the roguelike rifts.
9195 | An open-world online RPG, survival game designed for VR. In this game, you will kill hundreds of zombies, acquire weapons, learn new skills, craft, explore the world, complete quests, and fight for survival. Choose from three modes: Solo, PVE, and PVP. Will you join a Survival Nation?
9196 | The Queen's Hope Diamond has been stolen! It's up to you to search for clues throughout 22 levels, find the offending culprit, and recover the stolen gem. Expand your investigations through the game's 29 unique locations by finding items that will unlock subsequent levels.
9197 | Imagine having to face old fears and buried memories, would you face them to get a better (and really naughty) life? Let's find out!
9198 | In this online horror co-op, you play as a scrappy goblin, scavenging dungeons, dodging traps, and fleeing monsters to feed the Goblin King. Team up with goblin pals, or go rogue, as you dive deep and cause chaos! Fail to feed him, and you might be the next meal!
9199 | An open-world action adventure game set in a simulated world in which humans never reached the top of the food chain.
9200 | Astrodogs is an on-rails arcade action game featuring a cast of space dogs that have to save the galaxy from WOOFER, a corporation that controls everything. Also ran by dogs.
9201 | A Tale of a street cat left alone
9202 | The sequel to the unfinished Sinking Simulator, now with a lot more POWER!!!! Witness your witty love of chaos and destruction sinking 2D ships and everything else on board!
9203 | PLANET ALPHA, a beautiful alien world filled with mystery and danger. Pursued by relentless enemies, you must harness the power of night and day as you struggle to survive.
9204 | Zof is a first person point and click puzzle game with a difference. The solutions are always simple, but hidden more and more carefully as the game goes on.
9205 | In the far-off year of 20XX, constant attacks and hostility from an evil secret society have caused several private defense companies to spring up around Japan. Determined to get revenge for the destruction of her hometown, Haruka joins the public defense corp!
9206 | When a tragic turn of events sets one man down a path of supernatural chaos and revenge, he must brutally hunt down all those who wronged him. Fight and survive through 8 unique story-based scenarios, and try your hand at 40 individually designed turn-based combat missions
"9207 | ""Messy UP"" is a cute multiplayer game where pets destroy homes to grab the owner's attention. Due to the owner's busy schedule, they lack time for their pets. Players control the pets or play as the owner to catch them in this delightful mischief-filled game!"
9208 | Windlands 2 is a built-for-VR fantasy action adventure game, use grappling hooks and a bow to explore the vast mysterious world to take down gigantic titans alone or with friends.
"9209 | The game tells the story of a new adventurer named Aries. She visits all kinds of cities, travels around the unknown world, fights against the ""Calamities"" that spread all over the world. This game's core is the orthodox action fighting mode!"
9210 | Battle and explore as courageous Autobot, Bumblebee, in an exciting action adventure to stop his nemesis, Mandroid, from becoming the ultimate evil cyborg.
9211 | Build a rabbit town while defending it from the fluffy empire's invasions.
9212 | Seek & Find the Hollywood Blockbuster! The only copy of this year's biggest blockbuster movie has gone missing the day before the VIP Hollywood premiere. You are the world famous Mystery P.I. and have been hired to track down and return the lost movie. Seek & Find over 2100 hidden objects in 25 stunning L.A.
9213 | Make tasty food items to serve hungry customers in this fast-paced food making game!
9214 | Some things may seem unforgivable at the first, but a long night spent together may change everything and bring back the forgotten feelings...
"9215 | What is forgiveness and what is a lie? Where does desire end and vice begins? The project ""Sex with the Devil"" will allow you to ask these and many other frank questions about the greatest personification of evil in human culture."
9216 | Despite only being able to burn for 10 seconds, a little candle journeys into the darkness, with the purpose of seeking light.
9217 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
9218 | Expose Buried Secrets and Catch a Thief Red-handed!
9219 | S.C.S. - Dangerous Waters allows you total control over multiple air, surface, and submarine platforms in a modern-day naval environment. Take direct control of individual crew stations and also plan and execute combined arms naval strategies from a top-down 'Commanders Eye' perspective.
9220 | Infiltrate a Carnevale of Criminals in Italy!
9221 | The English version of the heartwarming story that was highly acclaimed in Japan. Enjoy the meticulously crafted narrative. Set in Okinawa, Japan, it is also a story that unravels the mysteries hidden within its history and fantasy.
9222 | Ereban: Shadow Legacy is a fast-paced stealth platformer game where you become Ayana, the last descendant of a forgotten race. Harness mystical shadow powers, high-tech gadgets and avoid or kill to uncover the truth about your past and the key to saving a dying, morally grey universe.
9223 | Young Souls is a gorgeous 2D brawler meets story-rich action RPG. Fight hordes of belligerent goblins, level up with hundreds of weapons and accessories, explore, and journey between worlds, as rebellious twins battle their way to save their foster father.
9224 | Thirty Days is a heavy choice driven Visual Novel, designed to have multiple playthroughs with largely different experiences. Choose from 6 different main characters (3 Female, 3 Male) as you spend a month with 2 very cute 18 year old fraternal twins.
"9225 | ""Pennon and Battle"" is a turn-based strategy war game. As a lord, you will play a crucial role in the revival of the kingdom! Lead heroes and armies to expand territory in Ruachland,  utilize tactics and magic to eliminate enemy forces, and create your own legend!"
9226 | Revisit romantic Regency Britain to build a glorious garden, in this charming solitaire sequel. Tour historic hotspots, silence gossips, and host the season’s most anticipated soiree. Play your cards right to unlock bonus levels and a love story. Don't miss the party everyone's talking about!
9227 | Experience the anime from DanMachi. Follow the story from the beginning and discover new content in the game! Enter the world of Orario, where gods live amongst humans and protect them in their Familia - become the greatest adventurer through dungeon-crawling, real-time RPG combat and date events!
9228 | DUSK '82 is a simple but addictive action-puzzler demake of the cult shooter DUSK, inspired by classics like Chip's Challenge and Sokoban.
9229 | Hell is Others is an extraction top-down shooter combining roguelike elements. Outside the safety of your apartment lies the noir hellscape that is Century City. A city of endless night that straddles the line between reality and insanity. Explore, hunt, and loot in a place where blood is currency.
9230 | ARIDA: Backland's Awakening. A story of survival and adventure in the brazilian backlands. Face the drought to explore the more arid regions, gather resources and discover clues about the fate of the young Cícera.
9231 | HunterX is an action-adventure game full of spirited battles. Use various styles of weapons and magic to experience your own fighting style and explore a great world.
9232 | Pocket Rogues is a dynamic 2D-Roguelike with elements of Action-RPG, played entirely in real time. Raid endless dungeons, upgrade your Guild’s Fortress, and develop your own heroes!
9233 | A relaxing puzzle game where you recreate towns from people's memories. These people will give you written puzzles and to solve them you'll be able to either modify the buildings or use different tools, such as one that makes wind, and many others. Each puzzle will surprise you in a different way.
9234 | Play as a Slave Trainer in this sci-fi fantasy. Explore your darkest desires; bondage, sub/dom relationships and BDSM themes.
9235 | A top-down action roguelike about buying snakes, fighting them, selling their oil, and buying more snakes. Upgrade your weapons, get stronger snakes to fight, and chase down a high score with only ten days to live.
9236 | Sexy and hilarious hidden object game for adults. Unique art, sleazy humour. Don't miss the fun!
9237 | Havsala is an investigative puzzle game with rich storytelling full of historical references and mysticism. Search the room for the clues left behind by the previous reincarnations of a single soul, solve the puzzles and unravel the mystery.
9238 | A hand-drawn tribute to hilarious '90s adventure games (with none of the accompanying frustration). Play as Joey Claire, a puzzle-solving teen snatched out of her time (1994) and place (Earth) and stranded on a hostile alien planet on the brink of rebellion.
9239 | Vengeance Hunters is an adrenaline fueled Neo-Geo hardware developed beat’em’up that lets you and a friend in local co-op fight mutants, zombies, punks, gangsters, lab techs with bombs (you read that correctly), suited mystery men, cyborgs and more across multiple stages, sublevels and secret areas.
9240 | There's a serial killer stalking your video store, and you just got called into work on your day off! Stock shelves, deal with customers and RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!
9241 | A classic style turn-based RPG. While traveling in the country of Stivale, Ryunosuke bumps into a fox girl named Serena. Before long, he's brawling with the police, and he gets wrapped up in a movement to reform the country.
9242 | Protect a noblewoman reckoning with unholy powers as she wards off the soul of the Demon King sealed inside her. Doubt your own companions, survive against unforgiving hordes of monsters. But beware; every choice has consequences in this epic JRPG adventure of betrayal, romance & self-acceptance.
9243 | Chip is back and this time he's teamed up with Melinda to try and solve even more puzzles built from a combination of new and old monster, hazards and game elements created by Vladimir Gerajkee The Puzzle Master.
9244 | Are you ready to become a legendary martial arts master? Build your own school, train your students, and battle rival schools to become the strongest. Join tournaments, raise your grasshoppers, and most importantly, collect tuition from your students!
9245 | 3 exotic planets to explore. Aliens. Robots. Magic. Forbidden technology. Ruined Worlds. Ghosts. Long-lost secrets. Conspiracies. A galactic threat. And one brave heroine to make things right. Cosmic Star Heroine is an exciting new RPG from the creators of Cthulhu Saves the World.
9246 | A sombre depiction of the harsh way of life in a Japanese-style fantasy world, this BL visual novel from Parade features a young protagonist who tops in each of the steamy sex scenes.
9247 | Virtual Hunter brings realistic hunting to virtual reality. Pack your gear and put your hunting skills and tactics to the test in the open wilderness.
9248 | Build railways, manage traffic and stay accident-free. Play in Europe, America, Japan and USSR in 1830-2020. Complete the story mode from the Gold Rush of 1849 to the first manned spaceflight, and then explore the random mode. Management. Construction. Trains. Welcome to Train Valley!
9249 | The Kinkverse is yours, Vice Mayor! With an army of hot, loyal girls on staff, you are on the climb for political power and panty-dropping piles of cash. Run an empire of sex toys as you handle every lubed up mess your kooky mayor creates, and explore thematic universes to seduce more sexy babes.
9250 | Windward is an action-filled multiplayer sandbox game that puts you in control of a ship sailing the high seas of a large procedurally-generated world.
9251 | Join the adventure of Carly and the Reaperman in the Underworld! Master platforming to avoid dangers, solve puzzles and build your way to through dozens of fun and challenging obstacles to the finish line - play alone or with a friend!
9252 | Includes the first three titles in the the ultimate jewel matching adventure, Jewel Quest! Rupert and Emma have settled down and opened a museum to display their many artifacts. While playing with a mysterious jewel board, their daughter unknowingly pops open a secret compartment.
9253 | Sexy adventures await in Jugs Bay, an adult dating sim packed with steamy encounters, stunning characters, and spicy physics-driven animations. Play in bustling world, chasing lust, romance, and wild adventures while building your business.
9254 | DESTRUCTURE: Among Debris is an intense mix of brick breaker, air hockey and bullet hell set in a post apocalyptic world. Destroy structures, dodge bullets, fire guns and buy perks to lay even more waste!
9255 | Barro's new gen!
9256 | In this darkly comedic story, you are the hero of an unfinished fantasy game, and your designers have failed you. Steal the power of a game god - trap their creations, swap behaviors and body parts, crafting your own unique solutions to free-form puzzles. Can you release a game ...from the inside?
9257 | Faint Call is a psychological horror game about a police officer investigating a distress call from someone at a notoriously cursed house.
9258 | Build your car, earn sponsors, and compete in online multiplayer drift battles!
9259 | Sunken Veins is a resource management horror game where you mine for coal and survive against monsters in an underwater coal mine. Keep the furnace powered, drain away water and repair leaks within the facility to complete your shift on time.
9260 | Discover the excitement of commerce with Cargo Shop Simulator! Manage your own cargo shop and grow by meeting customer demands. In the evening, load your shipments onto vehicles and plan deliveries to build a successful business empire. Are you ready?
9261 | Can you put the world’s most determined stuntman back into the limelight? Combo, boost and pull ludicrous stunts as Joe attempts to race his way back into the record books in over 100 eye-popping levels. Leap school buses full of screaming kids and pools of ravenous sharks! Dodge spikes and mousetraps!
9262 | Beautiful & relaxing Numberlink puzzles.
9263 | Touhou Project, Komeiji Koishi's Action Game, with collision between sword and magic! Help Marisa hold a Sabbat of witches, and explore the way of treasure hunt with wisdom and strength. On the day of the war, there is the glory of death and no shame of life.
9264 | IN THE 70 DESOLATE YEARS since the horrifying murders chronicled in The 7th Guest, the town of Harley has been ominously silent.Only when journalist Robin Morales vanishes while investigating the rotting abandoned mansion of the legendary toy maker Henry Stauf, do events resurrect a malignant past.
9265 | The Orb of Storms has been stolen and Rif is accused. You have only days to help Rif get to the bottom of the mystery of the missing Orb.
9266 | You are in a room without windows or doors. The TV dimly illuminates the room. What is this, a box? How to open it? After solving the riddle, you find the TV remote control. Click... a door appeared. You step into the darkness and hear laughter... turn around and find out what's behind the screen.
9267 | Gorgeously illustrated, Orc Covenant is a sextacular romp into a fantasy realm full of sultry elves and beefy well-endowed orcs!
9268 | Experience Gotham City through the eyes of the World's Greatest Detective in an all new Arkham mystery.
9269 | Draw & cast your spells! Sharpen your magic skills with other players in VR! War of Wizards is a competitive VR MOBA game, where you fight in battles with other players by drawing magic spells. The bigger and more accurate you draw them, the stronger they are!
9270 | A minimalist target shooting game focused on improving aiming skills in a challenging way.
9271 | Competitive tower defense meets arcade action and gets rolled up with ACE Team's quirky, Monty Python-esque humor into one giant, creative game for the ages. This time around, you can even make your own levels!
9272 | Overcome all obstacles by trusting in your own strength, the power of your Soul Stone, and your loyal companions. Become the legend you were born to be.
9273 | Latex, Leather and Chains: Explore you deepest Fetish Fantasies!
9274 | Discard your sense of morality and enter the world of CORPSE FACTORY. An obscure website allows users to request a death. Victims supposedly receive a photograph of their own corpse before they are killed! With English voice acting by an all-star cast.
9275 | Inferna is a player-friendly, free-to-play open-world MMORPG with unique combat system and a game world that sets no limits to the game experience.
9276 | Transform into a bird and fly to explore and experience a vibrant world of floating islands in the sky. Venture down into lost ancient ruins where each step leads you closer to the end of the world.
9277 | Poop you way to victory...again! In Muddy Heights 2, you play as a person who has had a little bit too much to eat and needs to relieve himself by any means possible. Poop off various heights onto people and vehicles to score points. Complete level goals to gain cash to buy more food.
9278 | Conquer territory solo or beat your friends in multiplayer mode with up to 4 players!
9279 | Alpha League HD is a free-to-play, hero based Autobattler. In Alpha League, simply pick and build your favorite hero in a Roguelike fashion with 12 different combat genres, and then battle the other 7 Bots or Players to be the winner.
9280 | Rift Wizard is a tough as nails fantasy roguelike featuring challenging turn based combat and deep open ended character building. Craft your spellbook from over 100 unique spells and abilities and fight your way through a series of procedurally generated challenges to defeat your nemesis.
9281 | Chaotic Conflicts is a casual and chaotic fast-paced Online FPS game. In this chaotic shooter you'll try to shoot your way to the top of the scoreboard while competing with other players and random events.
"9282 | Requiem: Desiderium Mortis is a Free-to-Play MMORPG set in a dark distant world where an event known as the ""Thanatos Incident"" rendered the world almost unlivable. Create your own biological weapon known as a Temperion and experience the horrors that grip Ethergia."
9283 | Fate and Life: The Mystery of Vaulinhorn is a visual novel game set in an enigmatic city rife with mystery and lust. Navigate the intertwining paths of fate and desire, unearth the haunting secrets of Vaulinhorn, and revel in the thrill of its sensual encounters.
9284 | Every war has its Generals. Take command of an army during World War II and lead them to victory. Strategize your way through many scenarios and real historical military campaigns of past generals.
9285 | Order disappeared overnight in the sudden artillery fire. The usually safe city had now become a dangerous area. Faced with the lack of resources, were you going to sit there and wait for your doom or go to save your own companions and escape with them from the city that had been transformed into hell...
9286 | Can you find the key to Ravenhearst's resurrection?
9287 | Terra Randoma is a turn-based roguelike RPG in a procedurally generated open world. Travel a world full of curiousity and perilous dungeons. Develop your character however you want with skills, talent stones and randomized items while you discover an ancient secret.
9288 | Take the role of an incubus or succubus. Seduce mortals into perverse servitude. Subject them to monstrous transformations.
9289 | Sacrifice is the acclaimed real-time strategy game that focuses on combat instead of resource gathering. The only two resources you'll need to worry about are mana and souls. Need more units? Capture the souls of your enemy. Cast spells of awesome power.
9290 | Animal Life Simulator! Live, Grow, Feed & Survive as Butterflies, Grasshopper, Praying Mantis, Jumping Spider, Parasitic Wasp and many more! Set in a beautiful procedurally generated micro-scale world for endless replay value. Birds, Reptiles, Mammals also coming soon!
9291 | Dream of playing in the World Snooker Championship? Indulge your snooker fix, and play along with the televised version of the sport with Snooker Nation Championship
9292 | In Tame It! — you end up stranded on a tropical island, with the many challenges ahead, as well as hot but dangerous creatures. So will it become your demise, or you could overcome all, tame the savages and even win their hearts?
9293 | Tempest is a Pirate Open World Action RPG where you rove the seas across three continents filled with dozens of colonies and forts, hundreds of quests and countless ships to plunder. Customize your ship, trade, challenge fellow pirates and face mythical monsters such as the Kraken and Leviathan!
9294 | It's WWII. You're a general sitting in a tent. All you have is a map, and a radio. Can you win the battle? Radio General is a unique strategy game where you interact with your units over the radio using speech recognition. Test your mettle and relive famous battles as a WWII general.
9295 | SPACE IS FOR EVERYONE. In Next Space Rebels, you will develop from a naive rocket hobbyist into an experienced space activist by designing, building, and launching rockets of increasing complexity.
9296 | A fast-paced, bullet-time action-platformer with speedrunning and revolutionary flair. Hack n’ slash your way out of la Bastille, blasting yourself through the air in graceful bullet-time aerial battles on a quest to save all of France!
"9297 | ""Niconico-san"" is a first-person, fast-paced horror game set in a Japanese residential area. Players must escape from the smiling man of urban legend, ""Niconico-san,"" and find their way out of a terrifying otherworld."
9298 | A lesbian road trip RPG by the co-creator of Ladykiller in a Bind about fighting for love and justice in the face of indifference, inspired by choice-driven visual novels, and a battle system influenced by classic and modern JRPGs. WILL YOU STAND AND FIGHT IN THE FACE OF EVIL?
"9299 | The Stairway 7 is an endless loop anomaly hunt and observation ""spot the difference"" game where you are stuck in a endless loop of stairways with a cat and you have to observe your surroundings carefully to reach the exit. Anomalies are watching, and ready to hunt you down. Don't take them with you."
"9300 | Exclusive Memories ""is a first person immersive suspense love full dynamic live action interactive video game. A sudden accident caused you to lose your memory. Can you retrieve your memories and everything that belongs to you in the turbulent undercurrents?"
9301 | The Book of Bondmaids is a story-driven visual novel and sequel to Three Kingdoms Story: Conussia.
9302 | Command armies, manage resources, and build an empire in this real-time strategy wargame from Longbow Games. Will Rome fulfil its destiny to rule the ancient world or will history be rewritten to forge a new Etruscan, Gallic, or Greek hegemony!
9303 | This application lets you use a webcam and a microphone to play any game with real-world movements and voice commands.
9304 | Blaze into high-Orktane mayhem of clashing speedmobs, with adrenaline-fueled combat racing through the brutal Warhammer 40,000 universe. Drive ramshackle vehicles loaded with bombastic weapons and powerful abilities in a breakneck, full-throttle Speedwaaagh! to the death.
9305 | Let’s bring back all the good memories of the incredible, brave and lovely Kao the Kangaroo. Immerse yourself in a classic 3D action-adventure platformer where Kao runs, jumps, and fights lots of enemies.
9306 | Test your brain and your brawn in the toughest chess game ever made! Play against the Stockfish chess engine to build your path and climb upward to claim the crown, but be careful! One small blunder and you risk losing your progress. Heavy is the head that wears the crown, but who will wear it?
9307 | Asterix and Obelix make an XXL comeback in a Romastered version full of Romans!
9308 | Researcher Leo was told on his first day at the institute that he needed to look after some mysterious creature—an innocent girl who fed on semen... There seemed to be more to the girl's secret than that, but no one wanted to reveal the maddening truth.
9309 | Play as Keiko, a socially awkward woman living in a small country village. Explore the town and help her overcome her social anxiety, so she can thrive at her university.
9310 | If there was a robot that could laugh, cry and smile. ...Does it have a soul?
9311 | A real-time global strategy game about the Old Continent! You are the leader of the state, and you must discover new technologies, build a powerful economy, armed forces and even nuclear weapons! But remember - the opposition will always be breathing down your neck...
9312 | Coloring Game: Girls is a game with double anti-stress effect (coloring by numbers plus beautiful girls).
9313 | Car. Foggy night. Mystical landscapes. And if you want to work - titans. Titan Chaser is a surreal driving and walking experience, where your job is to scout giant creatures and use the light to drive them off without fighting or killing.
9314 | Fight’N Rage is a brand new old-school side-scroller beat’em up. Inspired by the classics from the “golden age”, and with an art style that mimics the aesthetic from the 90's arcade gems, this game pays homage to all classic gameplay features that makes this genre one of the best from its time!
9315 | A brand new entry into the legendary Bitmap Brothers series! Venture into the grim future of 2138 where mega-corporations use Speedball to distract the downtrodden masses from their miserable lives.
9316 | After Liu Bei's passing, as Zhuge Liang, the Chancellor of Shu Han, not only do I aim to fulfill Liu Bei's wish for a peaceful empire, but I must also nurture Liu Bei's daughter, Liu Shan, entrusted to me as an orphan, to become an adept Empress of Shu Han...
9317 | Become an elite hacker in cyberpunk typing simulator. Infiltrate networks, steal data by typing simple commands. Navigate through pixel art cyberspace, unlocking new abilities as you go deeper. No coding skills needed. How far can you hack before the system catches you?
9318 | Uncover the chilling secrets beneath the Antarctic ice in this survival horror FPS. Shoot unimaginable creatures, solve cryptic puzzles, and fight for your life in the frozen wastelands.​
9319 | Luna's Fishing Garden is a short, cozy fishing and building game. Catch fish, trade it in and create the garden of your dreams by planting new trees, placing water objects and bringing animals to the archipelago.
9320 | When night falls, she wanders into another world... Moonless Moon is a text-based adventure game following a girl as she travels through a variety of different worlds.
9321 | Return to command of the USS Enterprise in this classic. True episodic format beams eight original point-and-click missions into your computer. Featuring the cast members and sound effects from Star Trek: The Original Series, Judgment Rites puts you on course for a galaxy of excitement!
9322 | Paddle up with online multiplayer, robots, complete challenges or train your table tennis skills. This is the ultimate ping pong experience for VR.
9323 | Welcome to the Isekai, world of cute Anime Girls! Isekai Quest! is a Moe-Puzzle RPG game. In this Harem World, the story between you and girls begins.
9324 | The original 3D wrestling sim takes you either side of the curtain in one epic shared universe - where you can either take shots in the ring as a wrestler or call the shots backstage as a booker!
9325 | The best flying disc game of all time is back, with amazing hand-drawn graphics, crazy new moves, gameplay mechanics and awesome characters and stages! New update brings new playable characters, new training mode, full crossplay support and more.
9326 | WAW is a unique historical strategy turn-based game, in a boardgame spirit, which aims at simulating in one single system ALL kind of wars and conflicts throughout the world (and beyond) from Prehistoric times to nowadays, on the operational or strategic levels.
"9327 | The "" Kingdom Heroes"" series is a classic horizontal battle single-player game developed by Userjoy, which has been released seven generations since 1998. The latest sequel, "" Kingdom Heroes 8"", will feature a new look and exciting battles, interpreting the magnificent era of the Three Kingdoms."
9328 | Your first case as a detective is forcing you to open your eyes to a world bigger than you thought. Or maybe it's better to keep them closed. Seems the supernatural didn’t get the memo that nothing exciting ever happens in the little town of Wayhaven.
9329 | Just a casual walk through an ordinary city. Nothing more.
9330 | Your decisions will shape who is friend or foe, who will share in your secrets, and just how your romance with a certain vampire will grow!
9331 | A girl awakens in a castle void of color and time, affixed with the Curse of Thorns upon her back. After meeting a sleeping giant, the two work together to escape. Help them unravel the mystery of the thorns and the history behind the somber castle.
9332 | Enter a magical, 3D fantasy world filled with hundreds of unique locales, immersive lore, and exciting quests -- and it's all free to play. Join thousands of players from around the world, and be part of a one of a kind community.
9333 | In Fae Tactics, follow a young magic user named Peony on her journey across a vibrant world full of mystery and danger. Summon allies, cast spells, and befriend a motley crew of characters as you dive into the growing conflicts between man and magical beings known as fae.
9334 | It’s 2065, and you are an interrogator-model android tasked with rooting out deviants among your own kind. You must probe for lies, monitor and exploit emotional spikes, earn the trust of your subjects, and make the final call: release, or destroy?
9335 | Snow melting bar, melt the ice in your heart. This is a warm love game, where you can enjoy a real Snack bar love experience.
9336 | As mankind races to create new weapons to turn the tide in its war against alien invaders, Yuuya, a hot-headed American pilot, is assigned to work with a beautiful but cold Japanese officer on a top-secret project. Can they learn to work together in time to make the weapon that saves us all?
9337 | Manage your very own bakery. Discover recipes, bake tasty treats and sell them to your customers. Unlock upgrades such as ovens and display shelves to expand your bakery. Customize the interior and exterior style to create your dream bakery.
9338 | The super-addictive and very, very hard platform game finally arrives on Steam - it's quite possibly the world's hardest game! As well as five classic Impossible Game levels, this desktop version includes an EXCLUSIVE new Level Editor.
9339 | In this satisfying roguelike deckbuilder, every weapon you buy matters! Strategically order them to trigger powerful combos, send the enemy flying with physics-based hits, and watch your damage reach MILLIONS and above!
"9340 | In Floor 9, you find yourself trapped in a mysterious hotel known as ""Hotel Liminal."" To escape, you must identify anomalies on each floor. These anomalies can be anywhere - on the ground, in paintings, or even right in front of your eyes."
9341 | Find 100 Cats hidden in Singapore! Can you find them all? 😺
9342 | No Escape from Madness is a thrilling shooting adventure game that blends Lovecraftian elements with extraction gameplay. You will guide the self-sacrificing infantry operators into the Sector where The Elder One is poised to descend.
9343 | Crashday, the explosive cult classic multiplayer racer, is back! Retooled and remastered, Crashday: Redline Edition brings back the fun and memories of the original with this lovingly crafted tribute edition, featuring all-new and expanded features, including Steam Workshop support. Today is Crashday!
9344 | Lazaret is an atmospheric first-person horror game. You play as a member of a rescue team called out to investigate a distress signal coming from a ship that disappeared 4 years ago.
9345 | Space for Sale is an interplanetary, top-down Space Realty management game with a focus on problem-solving and exploration. Played either solo or with a friend, it's up to you to transform wild, uninhabited lands into bustling communities!
9346 | Watch your back in the small peaceful town of Crystalpine Grove, as it is haunted by The Infamous Rainman.
9347 | Vestaria Saga II continues the adventures of Zade, bringing the tales of him and his companions to a thrilling, satisfying end. They will encounter allies both new and old while uncovering more mysteries behind the vile Margulites and their plan to plunge Vestaria into a new age of darkness.
9348 | Nightmare Frames is a supernatural thriller where you'll step into the shoes of Alan Goldberg, in the search for the scariest horror film of all time. An enthralling journey through the streets of the Hollywood of the 80s, a small haunted town, and even Hell itself.
9349 | Welcome to Fight Crab.A new 3D action game where you take control of a crab, and fight off other giant enemy crabs.Physics allows for crabs to move powerfully and quickly in this hardcore battle arena.Freely control your pincers to use weapons and develop your own crab fighting style.
9350 | 9th Dawn III: Shadow of Erthil is a massive open world RPG/dungeon crawler packed full of content – featuring more than 270 monsters to fight and capture, a fun card game with 180 cards to collect, and over 1,400 unique items to hoard!
9351 | You are the only 'guy' in this zombie apocalypse world! Fight with endless zombie hordes and have a good time with cute girls!
9352 | Dive deep into the Abyss.
9353 | Take control of the Underworld’s grumpiest ghoul to help a lost little girl find her way home in this creepy-cute indie adventure. Just be warned: if she cries, the whole world dies.
9354 | Now you can own and operate your own auto repair service with PlayWay’s Car Mechanic Simulator 2014. Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 gives you the behind the scenes view of the daily dealings at local garages and dealership repair shops.
9355 | A horror game about finding differences in a small hotel, where each room has a rule.
9356 | The great Lords of England have their eyes on the the English throne! Muster an army and overrun your enemies' castles in this classic, nail-biting strategy game that blends turn-based and real-time gameplay.
9357 | The first hi-res 2D fighter from the creators of the Guilty Gear series! BlazBlue is a traditional 2D fighter where two characters participate in a duel.
9358 | As civil crisis deepens and inequality tears the very fabric of society the discontentment of the masses manifests itself in violent public disturbances and civil disorder. Play as the police or the angry horde as RIOT – Civil Unrest places you in some of the world’s most fractious disputes.
9359 | The most scientifically accurate space warfare simulator ever made. Now with Steam Workshop!
9360 | Weed Shop 2 is a first person recreational Marijuana dispensary simulator where you'll get to grow the hottest strains, expand your business, hire employees and much more!
9361 | A silly little physics-based game about moving on... or is it? Be neat, be careful, or be a chaos goblin. The choice is yours. But be warned, not all is as it seems in this quiet little house.
9362 | A unique 2D firefighting platformer from the creator of Dead Cells, featuring devastating backdrafts, exploding walls, and expected cat rescues. Battle your way through a mysterious government facility, striving to keep the blaze under control.
9363 | Go on a journey as Kaze in this 90’s classics inspired platformer. When the Crystal Islands get cursed, Kaze needs to save her friend Hogo while facing enraged living vegetables. Find the Wild Masks to unleash the powers of the legendary guardians and master land, sky and sea.
9364 | VirtuaVerse is a challenging old school cyberpunk point & click adventure set in a future not so far away narrating tales of technomancers, AVR graffiti writers, hacker groups, tribes of cryptoshamans, digital archeology, epic cyberwars and virtual reality debauchery.
9365 | VirtuaVerse is a challenging old school cyberpunk point & click adventure set in a future not so far away narrating tales of technomancers, AVR graffiti writers, hacker groups, tribes of cryptoshamans, digital archeology, epic cyberwars and virtual reality debauchery.
9366 | King’s Bounty: Crossworlds is the stand alone expansion for the famous King's Bounty: Armored Princess role-playing game that contains an improved version of it, two additional campaigns and world editor.
9367 | Winion Virus is a pixel-art visual novel horror game. It features adorable and charming graphics paired with a dark fairy-tale story full of unexpected twists. As a point-and-click adventure, your task is to fix the errors occurring within the computer.
9368 | Trapped in a prison hell, a desperate orange will play a deadly game in the hopes of getting shipped to safer markets. Can he survive what his captors have freshly squeezed for him?
9369 | Good or Insane? The choice is yours. Following the Apocalyptic end to the Postal Dude’s week in Paradise, we follow him and his insane pitbull Champ as they emigrate to its appropriately named sister city, Catharsis.
9370 | Kokomi is sent to the island of Himegashima, where his cousin demands that he spend his summer making happy memories. Having grown up sheltered, there's a whole new world of things for Kokomi to experience.
9371 | What if someone knew your mind better than you did? The Swapper is an award-winning, narrative driven puzzle game set in the furthest reaches of space.
9372 | It was a sweltering hot day when I met him. During summer vacation, a young man who had failed his university entrance exam received a tutor to help him with his studies. He started living together with a handsome, muscular man, but! He is a cock-loving, energetic, and dirty tutor!
9373 | Her Majesty's SPIFFING is a quaint graphic adventure game following the exploits of Captain Frank Lee English and his trusted regional accented colleague, Aled, as they travel through the cosmos in search of planets to claim for a new Galactic British Empire!
9374 | Cross Blitz is a unique RPG deckbuilder featuring fast-paced tactical combat with loads of cards to collect and synergies to wield. Explore, level up, craft new cards and build the perfect decks as you carve your own path to victory!
9375 | Intruder In Antiquonia is a narrative mystery adventure that will immerse you in the Internet-hostile town of Antiquonia. Sarah does not remember who she is and how she got there. Help her solve the mysteries of her past while exploring beautiful hand-drawn environments.
9376 | Run your own 60s-inspired space-age alien airlines in this randomly-generated chaotic 1-to-4-player local and online co-op game!
9377 | All old-school FPS action. No Bullshit. Lots of blood & gore. Slaughter your way through nightmarish industrial mazes, transformed cityscapes and surreal alien structures to cut down the Growth in this ultraviolent, fast-paced, and merciless retro-styled first person shooter.
9378 | Stick Em Up, is a game in which you will use your skills, your wits, and your arsenal of guns and explosives to pull off cunning, exciting, and sometimes messy heists. Watch as your skills take you from robbing lonely gas stations to the most massive banks.
9379 | Embark on a cozy climbing adventure in Valley Peaks, a ribbiting first-person platformer where each mountain is like a puzzle. Install Radio Towers at the top of every ridge to connect the froggy inhabitants to the wider world, venture further into the Valley, conquer peaks and unravel mysteries!
9380 | SEX, Stocks & Cocks is an exciting visual novel for adults that immerses you in a world of intrigue, fraud, and sexual passion. As the protagonist, you will find yourself in the midst of a large stock brokerage firm, where everyone hides their secrets and motivations.
9381 | Immerse yourself in a world as exotically beautiful as it is dangerous in this modern God-Game where Nature is the Star!
9382 | Ultimate adult industry simulation awaits! Welcome to Sex Industry XXX - experience a distinctive mix of a visual novel, interactive adult scenery, clicker gameplay and mini-games with various mechanics as a cherry on top!
9383 | Click! Place gears, click! Make money, click! Place more gears, click! Make even more money, click, click and above all click!
9384 | Visionarium 2 is a psychedelic audio-visualizer. Enter this artistic VR experience that takes you on an immersive journey through the underworld. Come out on the other side transformed, in awe.
9385 | Embark on a short, playful adventure in your cozy flying boat and sail through fluffy clouds. Discover floating islands and befriend their quirky citizens. Jump, roll, climb, and skate through Cloudburg as Skye faces her biggest obstacle on her way to the Royal Postal Academy!
9386 | Dap is a horror-action-adventure about gathering and protecting a pack of fragile creatures called Daps. Lead your Daps to safety through an eerily beautiful world, fighting off threats, solving puzzles, and avoiding the infection that twists your companions into something alien and terrifying…
9387 | Happiness. Paradise. Words that mean as many different things as there are people in this earth. What does happiness mean to you? What shape does your paradise take?
9388 | A time-trial platformer inspired by platform fighters. Wavedash into the psychedelic realms of the elements and help Poly fight chaos to restore balance.
9389 | Welcome to DROP, a fast-paced action-strategy hacking simulator. Ready to hack your way to fame and fortune while avoiding getting caught? Use stealth and cunning to maneuver between the ongoing power struggle of corporations and factions to control the fragmented networks in the city.
9390 | Help the cute barista Moka-chan and goth barista Karina-chan make Milk Milk Coffee the most popular place in Tokyo! Brew coffee in a relaxing atmosphere, guess customers' wishes, beat competitors, win the hearts of critics and pretty girls.
9391 | Vacation is a time for relaxation but it’s also the best time to try something new. This sexy tourist gets a great opportunity to check out what it’s like to fuck futa cock! She tries it for the first time, but can’t seem to get enough of her new lover’s dick!
9392 | NUTS is a single-player walking simulator surveillance mystery. Record the squirrels, report your findings, and piece together what’s really going on in Melmoth Forest.
"9393 | ""Love Ribbon"" is a yuri (girl x girl) visual novel about forbidden love between two sisters."
9394 | become romantic
9395 | Ever wondered what a cross between Tetris and Lemmings would look like? Well, wonder no more, 'cause... MouseCraft is here! MouseCraft is an A to B puzzle game where players help Schrödinger, the crazy cat scientist, in completing his mysterious, mice-powered invention.
9396 | With kindom Arcilla left in ruins, Wolf, the prince of Arcilla, embarks on a journey around the world where he teams up with eight heroines and tries to stop the empire's ambition.
9397 | Car racing game with soft-body damage, race track builder, track database and multiplayer
"9398 | The anime ""2.5 Dimensional Seduction"" debuts its first game! Relive the anime in-game and enjoy a never-before-seen story! Strike a pose in cosplay battles! Obtain materials, level up your beautiful cosplayers, and deepen your bond with them! Now, shine out your best with your angels on stage!"
9399 | Experience what it feels like to be a real bus driver. Simulator featuring realistic physics, a variety of bus models (city buses, electric bus, school bus), three distinct regions to explore (US, Germany, Brazil) and much more. Test your skills in career, drive in freeride or play multiplayer.
9400 | This is an independent action shooting game with a third person horror atmosphere. Facing the terrifying monsters in the space station, you must overcome the shortage of supplies, solve numerous mysteries, and successfully escape danger
9401 | Take on the role of a barber and tattoo master. Set your imagination free, use the tools of your trade to fulfill your clients’ needs, or just have raw creative fun! Become the master of the new look!
9402 | Roll Dice. Get Dopamine. Roll is a highly replayable, deeply strategic, and ultra satisfying dicebuilding game!
9403 | An enthralling RPG Maker horror game that explores a dark and twisted rendition of the classic fairy tale, Red Riding Hood.
9404 | TrackMania² Canyon will let you experience the fun and adrenaline of racing stunning cars on sensational tracks in a major enhanced sequel to Nadeo Studio’s online racing phenomenon TrackMania, already enjoyed by millions of players.
9405 | Can you drive the Secessionist into the Fort Sumter trap that gave Lincoln his historic victory? Can you successfully use the issue of States Rights to divide Northern opinion? Fort Sumter let’s you explore this seminal moment in American history in a fast-playing, easy-to-learn card driven game.
9406 | Welcome to Noble Private Academy, an institution that cultivates the wealthiest, most well-connected students in all of Japan! At this boarding school, one must be willing to accept all of its refined and dignified teachings or be met with strict opposition!
9407 | Enter the groundbreaking world of Project Third Eye, a VR physics game where creativity meets interactivity. Build anything with powerful tools and add logic using the visual scripting panel. Embark on an immersive adventure of endless possibilities. Get your copy now!
9408 | An arcade strategy game about defending your garden. Grow potatoes, onions and carrots to defend your lawn!
9409 | Fallen Leaf is a retro side-scrolling adventure focused on tight, action-packed level design set in a whimsical world where almost anything goes!
9410 | It's run or die in a killer car infested city. Dash from dumpster to park bench and don’t make a wrong move. Ice cream trucks, snowplows and dodgy vans all want you dead. Decimate Drive, an indie game, is terrifyingly fast-paced and drenched in atmospheric horror.
9411 | It's time to become the Game Developer you always wanted to be. Make use of a large array of features, and player skills to create stunning 10 / 10 games. Compete with and eventually acquire other dynamic Ai Studio's. Raise the talent of your team and studio's in an effort to dominate the market.
9412 | Abe's peaceful retirement was shattered when visited by a vision from the Mudokon Spirit Guides. Abe™ learned the Magog Cartel was mining Necrum, the sacred Mudokon city of the dead, to collect bones to make super-addictive SoulStorm Brew.
9413 | There's something evil in the city tonight... Earth has been ravaged by human excess, petty conflict and alien invasion. The world's population has been herded into huge cities, the first of which was Mega Primus. 2084: A Utopia shattered, social collapse and civil unrest reigns in Mega Primus. Fiendish aliens terrorize the city.
9414 | Gacha Fever is a suvivors like in a cute and colorful universe. You will fight waves of monsters with various weapons, from the machine gun to the magical girl wand and the Bubble Tea Canon ! Just be careful of the area !
9415 | A game about a hungry fish 🐟 Eat to grow bigger, but watch out for fishes bigger than you! Grow big, strong and explore! Can you escape the pond?
9416 | Operate the Starship space launch system and learn how to catch a rocket to understand what it takes to colonize Mars in this ever-evolving simulation of SpaceX Starbase Texas.
9417 | Search for the legendary lost artifact Nienix through galaxies in conflict! An open world space action RPG adventure that can be played both alone and together!
9418 | The legendary hero is dead, and a strange glitch is spreading across the kingdom. Explore dangerous dungeons, and defeat the eight archangels to restore order to an unraveling world in this epic action-adventure RPG.
9419 | The Quest is a beautifully hand-drawn open world role playing game with old school grid-based movement, turn based combat and intricate quests. Explore a huge world, full of challenging mysteries and dangerous monsters!
9420 | Time Warpers is the evolution of the popular incremental game Time Clickers. With features like gun customization, optional permadeath & co-op with friends, it combines a first person shooter with the seemingly endless progression & upgrades of a clicker game.
9421 | Create your dragon, customize it, level it. Explore the world of Draconia and unravel its story. Draconia is an MORPG where YOU play as the dragon!
9422 | Open World, Multiplayer VR Pirate Game!
"9423 | It is a decadent future world built by manga artist Kazushi Hagiwara. A dungeon exploration RPG specializing in hack-and-slash. The game is full of challenging elements. There are 24 characters (8 classes), skills to enjoy combos, modifiable armaments, ""NEW GAME+"" to enjoy playing around, etc."
9424 | A subway train plagued by strange occurrences. A part-time exorcist girl arrives to confront the supernatural chaos, with the unknown ahead.
9425 | DCL - The Game is the official videogame of the Drone Champions League - the world’s leading series for Drone Racing Teams. Fly the original tracks from DCL and experience Drone Racing like a professional pilot. Join the flying revolution!
9426 | Pounce inside of your cozy armored mech and set off on a dangerous trek through an alien underworld full of irritable creatures and treacherous obstacles in a valiant effort to save your stranded captain and his crashed spaceship.
9427 | You are Yomi, an ancient fox spirit. Your dungeon has been stolen from you while you have been sealed away in a deep sleep. Capture monster girls, collect loot, explore the dungeon's depths and reclaim what is yours in this first-person RPG dungeon crawler.
9428 | You're working overtime again in your dead-end job, whilst your boss is on vacation. However, strange things are happening throughout the office. Complete your daily work tasks, explore your office, report any anomalies you may find, and you may just find yourself getting a promotion...
"9429 | ""Wolf Tails"" is a visual novel where you take care of two wolf-girls. There's Mirari, a kindhearted girl who is running away from her duties to her pack, and Fuyu, a brash and loud-mouthed girl who is wary of human culture and its ""influences""."
"9430 | The long-awaited ""Riviera: The Promised Land"" is back with many added features for easier play! The story unfolds like flipping through a picture book with various variations of music color the adventure. Let's set out on the journey to protect Riviera from the devastation of the ""The Retribution."""
9431 | Welcome to a world in which dragons are born from the desires of mankind. Each dragon is bestowed with unique powers in accordance with the specific desires of their human familiar. One mysterious stranger travels the land, accompanied by a young dragon graced with the power of eating lies.
9432 | Step into Pixel's shoes in this one-of-a-kind journey that bridges time, memories, and the aroma of fresh coffee. Dive deep into a city balancing its past and future. Engage in intense arcade challenges, immerse yourself in heartfelt stories, and navigate a world crafted in pixel art.
9433 | Humanity is enslaved by an AI… which is awesome, because we’re on the right side of the conflict. Exploit puny humans to extract power and build your own empire!
9434 | Once you step through the door to Zork, you leave the world of arcade games and trite fantasies behind and enter the dimension of your imagination.
9435 | A choice-driven RPG thriller set in the World of Darkness universe. Step into the shoes of Samira, a young werewolf refugee in Poland, as she battles dark forces and loneliness, caught between rage and despair. How will your story unfold?
9436 | Carve your way with fire and steel to find out what secrets lie beyond the Mist in this intense 3-hour-long action-platformer game. Get ready to wield the flames and burn everything!
9437 | Night Trap tells the story of five teenage girls spending the weekend at the Martin home. As a member of the Special Control Attack Team, your job is to monitor the home and protect the girls using an intricate system of cameras and traps as it is being invaded by vampires.
9438 | In this narrative card game about relationships and communication, navigate conversations in a colorful world reminiscent of our own. Learn and grow through the cards you choose to play. Who will you become? What will you leave behind?
9439 | The award-winning indie adventure game finally arrives on Steam—now with more content than ever before! A story of love, loss, and fine dining that’s sure to warm even the most jaded of hearts.
9440 | As King, it is your duty to lead your people in their struggle to raise your kingdom from its humble beginnings to a position of power and prestige. War, diplomacy and a burgeoning economy are the means by which you increase your power and expand your influence.
9441 | Manage a team of traveling gladiators in this turn-based fantasy roguelike. Find the best recruits, discover powerful item combinations and come up with clever tactics on the battlefield. The tournament awaits those who desire MORTAL GLORY!
9442 | Tiffy, the lovely catgirl from Twitter is finally here! For the first time be the one to draw and color her, like a real Artist! Have fun with puzzles, collect cute artworks, complete your collection and spend some awesome time with her!
9443 | Put on your wide-brimmed hat, grab your weapons and embark on an incredible adventure in the gothic-noir world of Borgovia, where mad science threatens the fragile peace between monster and mortal.
9444 | Gravel is the ultimate off-road experience. The most extreme racing game that will let you try out amazing stunts in the wildest places on the planet!
9445 | In the first-person football career simulator, you can make your dream of becoming a top striker in one of the major European leagues come true. You are a young, talented striker. Now, you have the opportunity to play professional football.
9446 | Embark on a swashbuckling adventure in The Pirate's Fate, a visual novel experience with a unique twist: the story, the crew, and who you are transform based on your choices. Seek treasure, find love, and choose your fate.
9447 | Love of Magic is an Urban Fantasy Erotic VN/RPG about discovering your destiny, finding true love and becoming a God. Book 3 is the final part of the trilogy.
9448 | Doodle God is an addicting puzzle & world building game where players use logic and ingenuity to create the entire universe. Starting with the basic elements of earth, wind, fire and air players can build a world filled with locomotives, Dragons, skyscrapers, Aliens and more.
9449 | The return of a legendary off-road racing game! Enjoy an extreme experience while becoming an expert in a demanding simulation. Take on the challenges of rallies, rallycross, drifts, buggies and hill climbs, and set off on a spectacular journey across every continent.
9450 | KILLBUG is a fast-paced, first-person movement shooter set in an endless arena. Slash and shoot your way through hordes of ravenous insects, mastering fluid aerial movement mechanics as you fight for glory on the leaderboards.
9451 | Experience some of the world's most breathtaking natural wonders as fully 3D immersive environments! Feel like you're really there as BRINK Traveler brings these iconic destinations to you today! 🌄
9452 | Experience the best of both worlds with our monster taming game - relive the nostalgia of classic role-play games, while enjoying fresh and immersive gameplay. Capture and train unique monsters in stunning environments, and put your skills to the test in challenging 3v3 battles.
9453 | From cropland to forest, from academy to conqueror's guild, expand territory of your kingdom. As the kingdom grows, crises will quietly arise. No worries: prepare to use the resource cards to train a group of powerful guardians to eliminate enemies and protect your kingdom.
9454 | Become a Secret Agent and investigate paranormal activities in this dark Lovecraftian universe. This Alternate Reality Game will have you explore complex puzzles in-game but also in real-life; interacting with real websites, companies, and NPCs that we created as part of our universe.
9455 | Explore, craft, and survive in this Multiplayer RPG Platformer with permanent death! Featuring many Rogue-like elements, Magicite randomly generates each underground dungeon for you and your friends to delve deep into.
9456 | A lo-fidelity First Person Snatcher inspired by the immersive sims of yesteryear. Play as Fennel, a knife-wielding swamp devil with an eye for gold and a penchant for violence. Use your tail to toy with your prey: grab and fling objects, climb impossible heights, and knock your enemies off balance.
9457 | Vibrant Venture is a singleplayer 2D adventure platformer game featuring a quirky cast of characters! The game features four playable characters with multiple unique abilities that can be combined for extremely versatile, fluid and fun movement!
9458 | Discover Stone Age, the digital adaptation of the classic worker-placement board game. Roll dice, place Meeples wisely, and use tools to influence your luck. Compete for resources and outsmart your opponents in a race to become the most prosperous leader of the age!
9459 | Company of Crime places you in the heart of 1960s London. Will you build an influential criminal empire, or head up an elite Scotland Yard task force and crack down on the rising tide of corruption? Case out targets, then dive into the melee with your hand-picked team of gangsters or detectives.
9460 | Prepare for cuteness overload, relentless training, and fierce rivalry as you and your hamsters take on challenges while traversing the maze and riding a skateboard, with more modes coming soon! Be the first to cross the finish line to earn rewards and yummy treats!
9461 | joiLAB is an erotic VR game for aim training... however, the aim training part is optional, you can go straight to the Interactive joi (jerk-off instructions) section. The game features fully voiced scenes.
9462 | Funny clicker game👆 in which you should increase your chin🤫🧏🏻‍♂️ for becoming trully sigma😎. Upgrade your Brainrot🧠 and Gyat Size🍑 and etc for more score! 💪💪💪🚽
9463 | Roundguard is a bouncy dungeon crawler with pinball physics, lots of loot, and a randomized castle full of oddballs. Press your luck against hordes of dangerously cute monsters and challenging roguelike elements in this all-round bouncy adventure!
9464 | This is a Touhou Fangame. Maribel Hearn is a girl with unusual experience with ghosts and supernatural beings. In Cross The Boundaries, you will solve riddles while trying to stay alive, and looking for a way out of the nightmare.
9465 | Inspired by the classics such as Resident Evil, Silent Hill and Alone In the Dark: Detective Stone investigates a shadow conspiracy. Explore atmospheric levels, fight monsters, and solve puzzles. Unravel a story of twists and turns. Choose classic fixed camera, or over-the-shoulder.
9466 | In TransOcean 2: Rivals you face a new challenge as the boss of your own shipping line in both single-player and - for the first time - multiplayer mode: The international competition has gotten a lot tougher and the battle for the most lucrative contracts has only just begun.
9467 | Take care of your own island and sail with your boat in this cozy farming adventure! Relax and unwind exploring a tropical archipelago or harvesting your own crops while helping others. Discover the story of Summer in Mara, with farming, crafting and exploring mechanics.
9468 | Reborn is a choice-based visual novel for adults centered on the life of a teenager in college. Become a student at the most prestigious college on the continent and experience all the delights of college life! Sex, humor, romance, drama and deep plot. All this is waiting for you in the game Reborn!
9469 | Swallowing the Heaven and Earth Version of Zhao Yun's Biography, in which multiple girls fall in love with you, also known as: Zhao Yun's Harem Biography
9470 | ExoCross is an offroad racing game introducing 4CPT vehicle physics (4-way contact patch traction technology). A soft-body tire model allows for competitive time attack and multiplayer wheel to wheel racing.
9471 | Make a name for yourself in this old-school Wuxia RPG. Explore the chaotic lands of ancient China and engage in challenging turn-based battles to change the world of kungfu forever.
9472 | In this organisation puzzle game you must rotate, reload, combine and consume items to fit everything into your inventory.
9473 | Lead an ancient and crumbling noble house in a rich gunpowder fantasy setting. Lie, bribe, and conspire to secure power and prestige – or to save a doomed kingdom from itself.
9474 | OBEY is an asymmetrical multiplayer game. In many games you send commands to teammates or AI units. In OBEY you command your (human) opponents, or are commanded by them. Players are always free to obey/disobey. And everyone deals with the consequences of their own decisions.
9475 | Join the rebels in a third-person shooter with RPG elements and base-building mode. Fight against various combat drone models under the control of the supreme AI.
9476 | The shooter of riding the dragon's back. Master the techniques of the dragon and magic shot! And with online rankings.
9477 | Sex Magic 🔮 is a captivating visual novel that immerses you in a world of magic
9478 | LOLLIPOP! Is an addicting hentai puzzle game with delicious, sweet candy combinations! In LOLLIOP! You will find many bright levels with hot girls and various visual effects, from this game you will just have a real BOOM!
9479 | The return of a sensational game! Hellgate is an action RPG game you have been waiting for. Since its first release Hellgate won the hearts of thousands of fans and now it's time to bring back memories and dip into the near future of 2038. For all mankind!
9480 | explore a cat notebook
9481 | Gladiators: Survival in Rome is an Action RPG with casual survival game mechanics and active city building. You'll experience a new type of survival game with quests & dungeons, continuous progression, seasonal events and lots of spear poking.
9482 | Search for your missing sister in this stunning first-person adventure. A thrilling story where you unravel a mystery through exploration and puzzle-solving.
9483 | For bikers, there are two types of speed races: the Isle of Man TT and the rest. No race is more difficult. Take up the challenge of the legendary Snaefell Mountain course: all 37.73 miles faithfully reproduced with the champions and their bikes.
9484 | Breakers Collection features both of the original games (Breakers and Breakers Revenge) and a brand new content for the cult-classic among the fans of Fighting Games, that was released in 1996 for the Neogeo and Arcades.
9485 | Huge indie fantasy role-playing adventure in a massive, underground land. Packed with over 100 towns and dungeons and an epic story. Fight to complete up to three distinct game-winning quests. Master over 60 spells and abilities. Hunt for hundreds of magical artifacts. Over 50 hours of gameplay.
9486 | KOBOLD is a new kind of horror experience that blurs the line between cinema and VR gaming. Step into the shoes of an urban explorer investigating the mysterious case of a missing boy. Pick up your flashlight and discover the secrets of an abandoned villa in the middle of a dark forest in Germany.
9487 | A short story-based SRPG about two men who will eventually come to love each other. Now updated with added dialogue, new characters, different choices to make and multiple endings!
9488 | Slimy tentacles and juicy fluids combine in this puzzle adventure. Devour your way through a landscape of cake, with a refreshing new take on the the puzzle genre. Expand your harem and get them soaked and ready to burst
9489 | Open your own diner and create custom burgers in this management sim game.
9490 | In a world where most puzzle games are the same, head into outer space to find something new and exciting! Before the descending bricks crush your dreams (and your space ship), use your powerful magnet to move and match same-colored bricks.
9491 | Infiltrate German lines in Normandy in a WWII role-playing game.
9492 | Scavenger SV-4 is a highly replayable atmospheric first-person science fiction game. Part simulator, part roguelike, it has elements of action, combat, resource management, and a dash of horror. It is not quite like any game you have played before.
9493 | Built by a mad baron to bring notoriety to his town, only the brave or foolish would dare to enter Deathtrap Dungeon. Fabulous riches await the victor. Many adventurers have tried - none have come out alive… As Red Lotus, the alluring assassin, or Chaindog, the savage warrior, you must battle your way to the heart of the dungeon and slay...
9494 | The world of Gloriana, with all its wonderful diversity, awaits you.
9495 | You have bats for hands - now GO! Swing through a series of increasingly silly minigames in a slapstick VR comedy that’s about so much more than baseball.
9496 | Experience the thrills of a fast-paced single and multiplayer Parkour game. Join the Rebellion and deride the security forces of an anti-leisure tyranny. Rise up to the many challenges of a futuristic Open World. Assemble your team, enhance your gear and perform incredible tricks and combos.
9497 | Delve into the shifting dungeons on your hunt for the Yithidian orb, but getting it might just be the easy part. Delver is a single player first-person action roguelike dungeon crawler, just like you wished they used to make.
9498 | Project Nimbus is a high speed mech action game set in a post apocalyptic world. Players control 'Battle Frames' - humanoid battle suits armed with an arsenal of weapons.
9499 | Blend tea and friendship in the flavourful world of Pekoe, a cozy cat-filled tea-making simulator about taking the time for self-care and connecting with what makes you happy. Build relationships, upgrade your teahouse, and discover new recipes as you work towards creating a place you can call home.
9500 | This game will make you rich! Learn the basics of investment and life management. Your goal is to make your dream come true. You can make a career, buy real estate, run business, trade stocks, become a blogger, or make a fortune on an art market. Study, network, and plan your time for all of it.
9501 | In this interactive tale of love and war, be the force of reason that your kingdom needs, or perpetuate its reputation as a force of destruction. Find love and weave friendships, or cast it all away for the sake of retribution.
9502 | Super Space Club is a lo-fi arcade space shooter to chill to. Defend a vibrant galaxy as a club of misfit heroes and battle endless waves of spacecrafts to the tune of atmospheric beats. Outlast your enemies and vibe to the rhythm of the stars.
9503 | Boasting beautiful, hand-drawn animations and a re-orchestrated soundtrack, the cult classic returns with a unique blend of exploration, action, and adventure!
9504 | A 100% physics-driven skateboarding sandbox. Experiment in a world with unconstrained physics, create spots, record clips, and skate with your friends!
9505 | You are the Demon Lord Kuro on a mission to protect demonkind. Use your abilities and charms to capture and ensnare others. Tumble with different personalities and fetishes in this 2D rogue-lite shooter!
9506 | In 2455 AD, Kage Mishima used the magical powers of Daikatana, the most powerful sword ever forged, to alter time and establish himself as supreme dictator. You are Hiro Miyamoto, one of the few people on earth who knows what happened.
9507 | Get your aprons ready… things are about to get messy in this award-winning multiplayer VR game from Resolution Games!
9508 | CROPS! is an async autobattler in which your fruits and vegetables come alive! Craft a deck with awesome synergies, plant your crops in specific patterns and place them strategically on the battlefield to defeat your opponent.
9509 | Hello and welcome to Backfirewall_, a first-person tragicomic adventure set inside a smartphone. You are the update assistant. Solve wacky puzzles to counter the update and save the previous operating system from deletion. The fate of the System is in your hands!
9510 | CASE 2: Animatronics Survival is a horror game that is available in two modes. Online mode lets one or more players take on the role of animatronics, ready to crush everyone and everything. The other three are survivors. How did this happen? You’ll have to find out!
9511 | The strongest female warrior stepped into the lair filled with perverted monsters... Can she defeat the Demon Lord without letting down the Yusha?
9512 | Defend against hordes of zombies in this fun filled top-down shooter. Build and upgrade your base, unlock powerful guns, and take on challenging bosses with up to 4 players in online co-op. Play minigames to earn bonuses and survive the zombie apocalypse one night at a time!
9513 | Live the life of a starving artist in 19th century alternative history. Survive poverty, alchoholism, madness, depression, and 67 different feelings. Paint masterpieces by combining inspirations, sell them for riches (or scraps) and create a painting that will change the world.
9514 | Flooded is a reversed city-builder, in which you need to optimize your production on an island that shrinks over time. Gather enough resources to flee to safety, while the surrounding world is getting flooded.
9515 | BOGX emerges from the shadows as a captivating dark-themed Action RPG, marking a thrilling continuation of the Blade of God saga. From Game, Beyond Game. Inheritor, the gods lie vanquished in twilight— You stand as the last sentinel.
9516 | A retro FPS for the ages! Completely rebuilt from the ground up for VR! Once branded a HERETIC. Now YOU have been chosen as our champion! Reclaim our sacred weapons. Take back our ancient lands. If you can stand... AMID EVIL.
"9517 | A collection of 9 award winning indie games from the creator of ""Binding of isaac"" and ""Super Meat Boy""!"
9518 | Adventuress Ittle Dew and her sidekick Tippsie crash onto a strange island, filled with loot and mysterious inhabitants. It quickly dawns on the duo that this might become their biggest adventure yet.Ittle Dew boils down the classic adventure formula until there is only fun left.
9519 | Minimal physical puzzle with explosions
9520 | Captain Bones is an action-adventure game set in an open pirate world. You must have survival skills to make ship battles and treasure hunts with your crew.
9521 | Arcade Spirits is a romantic visual novel that follows an alternative timeline where the 1983 video game crash never occurred. It's 20XX and you've just started a new job at the Funplex game arcade. Who will you meet along the way? Will you find the romance you're seeking?
9522 | A 2D-3D Action-Adventure game! Run, jump, and drive across vast, dreamy 3D landscapes. Shrink into surreal, 2D dungeons inside of characters' bodies. Travel the world, meet strange people, and save the world from the dangerous Nano Dust. Don't miss the follow-up to the classic game 'Anodyne'!
9523 | Keep the peace or wreck havoc on the streets of LA.
9524 | Sinful suburbanites and naughty MILFs await in this 18+ visual novel with adventure game and dating sim elements. Explore a sleepy little town steeped in sexy secrets. What goes on behind the closed doors of your neighborhood?
9525 | Build, manage and grow a thriving colony in Kubifaktorium. The game features different biomes to explore, plenty of resources to exploit, complex machinery to build and interesting production chains to master.
9526 | Can you survive 1000 rooms of cute terror? Or will you break once the cuteness starts to fade off and you're running for your life from the unspeakable hideous beings that shake and writhe in bowels of this house? They wait for you, they wait and hunger for meeting you.
9527 | A new sci-fi adventure from Cyan, the creators of Myst. Abducted far across the universe, you find yourself on a broken alien landscape with odd pieces of Earth. Explore, uncover, solve, and find a way to make it home.
9528 | Deathbound is a unique Soulslike. Build a party of four characters and instantly morph between them in and out of combat. Combine their abilities to pull off devastating attacks and slay those who stand before you.
9529 | Experience stylish-action battles and beautiful pixel art, summon heroes across time and space, and challenge the magic tower to save the heroic spirits and goddesses!
9530 | Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor is an anti-adventure game about picking up trash in an alien bazaar. Play as the Janitor, an Alaensee girlbeast with a municipally-subsidized trash incineration job and dreams of leaving the planet of Xabran's Rock far behind her.
9531 | The year is 1998. Step into the shoes of a real estate agent, tasked with photographing a seemingly ordinary house for an upcoming sale. Explore the environment, use your camera to take pictur-- wait, what’s that in the last photo?
"9532 | Welcome to ""Land Of Idyllic Beauty"" a simulation management game that combines farming, store management, supply chain management, and romance elements. Experience the beauty of the idyllic life, starting from a small plot of farmland, gradually building your agricultural and commercial empire!"
9533 | Work with the world's most cunning detective in the shadowy underbelly of the Emerald City of Oz! As Petra, you'll be lured deep into mysteries involving new foes and familiar faces; Scarecrow, Lion, and Toto included. This is Oz as you've never seen it before! Solve your detective's quest and unravel a conspiracy of magic and intrigue!
9534 | Modern-warfare RTS/sandbox game inspired by the real conflicts in the Middle East. Fight a counter-insurgency war, protect the civilian population, casevac your wounded and decide how the world sees your struggle. And remember - no one gets left behind.
9535 | Use the Dungeon Editor to build entirely new adventures and challenges for other players to solve.
"9536 | DUALICE(TAISHO x ALICE episode II) is a fairytale visual novel in which YOU must save your Prince Charming! You will take on the role of the fairytale heroine in order to rehabilitate your chosen love interest and guide him to his ""happily ever after""!"
9537 | Train your aim with a beautiful selection of Catboys! Shoot the Catboys with various weapons, and have a fun time while practicing!
9538 | Like a coin, TAISHO x ALICE has two sides: the real world and the Looking-Glass World. Without darkness, there can be no light... It's time to take a peek behind the curtain in TAISHO x ALICE: HEADS & TAILS!
9539 | Defender's Quest is a Tower-Defense/RPG Hybrid tightly focuses on three things: tactical depth, customization, and story
9540 | The Fermi Paradox is a choice-driven sci-fi narrative strategy game in which your decisions in one corner of the galaxy can upend entire civilizations in another. Guide species through millennia and help them explore the vastness of space, make contact and, perhaps, create harmony.
9541 | Oddworld: Soulstorm is the explosive second game in a brand new Oddworld Quintology that tells the continuing story of Abe and his comrades as they discover further crimes against Mudokonkind and look for the spark that will ignite a revolution.
9542 | Just when he thought his life was regaining some semblance of normality, Simon's wonder years are once again turned upside down when the evil sorcerer Sordid returns from the grave with only one thing on his mind - revenge!
9543 | Ninja Rift: Unleash Your Inner Warrior
9544 | On a race track, the car makes all the difference. In a rally, it's the driver. Fog, mud, punctures... you have to deal with it all. WRC 6 includes all of the official 2016 content, 11 Super Special Stages on a 1:1 scale, local split-screen multiplayer and free access to the entire 2017 eSports WRC.
9545 | Play as Erica, princess of the Tolinia Kingdom, as she fights to unify the Stivale Peninsula against a powerful, modernized country, that threatens to undermine the peninsula's sovereignty.
9546 | Get ready for the good, the bad, and the even worse. As Marshall James Anderson, you'll face a horde of ornery, gun-slinging outlaws. You'll shoot your way through a twisted plot of greed and revenge. You'll arm yourself with firearms, as well as your wits.
9547 | Sclash is a plug’n play 2D samurai fighting game full of tension where one hit is enough to kill. Play as a hand-drawn samurai in beautiful painted settings and fight your opponent in epic solemn duels where each move matters. Manage well your stamina, breath and take your time to land a deadly hit.
"9548 | ""From the Other Side"" immerses you in a chilling first-person psychological horror game. You are Steve, a security guard on his first night at work, tasked with monitoring security cameras and fixing unsettling anomalies that will make you question reality."
9549 | The Dungeon Beneath is a tactical rogue-like autobattler. Gather your party and descend into the dungeon, battling your way through room after room of nefarious enemies. Collect powerful artifacts and equipment to create an endless variety of strategies.
9550 | Princess Burst is an interactive (QTE gameplay) wrestling fighting game. Join Yuki Sakurano as she fights in illegal underground wrestling matches as she aims to climb to the very top!
9551 | Recognized as one of the best licenses in gaming and lauded by the press, Sherlock Holmes is back with an investigation that is sure to be the most horrifying of the series. The famous detective stands against the most dangerous serial killer England has ever known - Jack the Ripper.
9552 | Dice 'n Goblins is a turn-based RPG that blends luck and strategy as you battle using dice rolls. Master your skills, chain powerful combos, and overcome the whims of fortune. Collect loot, upgrade your gear, and craft the ultimate dice arsenal to face monsters and other foes lurking in the shadows!
9553 | Blue Estate is a black-humoured and corrosive rail shooter, adapted from the critically acclaimed and Eisner Award nominated graphic novel, Blue Estate by Viktor Kalvachev!
9554 | Walter Jones, a billionaire had planned on opening up a resort for the rich and famous, but was killed before his dream could be achieved. It's up to Detective Jack Norm to crack the case by interviewing the people on Sinking Island to get valuable clues. A game from Benoit Sokal.
9555 | Customize your own store with a wide variety of products and business goals.
9556 | Dungeon-Crawling First Person Shooting at its finest! Fast-paced combat! Dozens of perks, spells and enemies! Level ups! Random Dungeons! Traps! Badass bosses! Carrots!
9557 | Drive your train to safety while shooting down endless hordes of zombies blocking your way. Upgrade your weapons and abilities and become absurdly powerful!
9558 | What the Fog?! You’ve been sucked into a cursed boardgame! Now you and a friend will need to work together to survive. Run, jump, dash, and shoot to escape swarms of angry monsters in this chaotic co-op roguelite from the world of Dead by Daylight.
9559 | Here Comes Niko! is the cozy 3D platformer for tired people! You play as Niko traveling across scenic islands. Make new friends, catch fish, solve puzzles, snag bugs, and more! Oh, Did I mention your boss is a frog?
9560 | Find 100 Cats hidden in Berlin! Can you find them all? 😺
9561 | Embark on a dystopian-tinged survival sandbox adventure where the world dynamically responds to your actions. Craft your own narrative through a series of choices, navigating harsh environmental conditions and organized factions, and delving into unsolved mysteries.
9562 | Tile Cities turns city-building experience into a simple relaxing puzzle game and does so with style
9563 | “Westworld Awakening” is a narrative-driven experience played from the perspective of Kate – a host who has attained self-awareness. To survive a dangerous underworld where no one and nothing is what it seems, you must overcome an entire world designed to destroy and enslave you.
9564 | Conquer kingdoms, wield dark magic, and lead armies in Warlords III: Darklords Rising. Master strategy in this fantasy world of warfare.
9565 | Jump, Swing and Zip your way through colourful worlds and exciting challenges in this unique 2D action-platformer! Master the power of the Grapple on your adventure to save the world!
9566 | A short, surprising, toy-like puzzle game.
9567 | Master Key is a top-down adventure game with a strong focus on item-based exploration and secrets. Embark on a journey to discover what that key could be used for and meet colorful characters!
9568 | Explore an alternative medieval Europe in this low-fantasy epic adventure! How far are you willing to go to take back your stolen treasure?
9569 | Become the manager of the largest transport corporation ever! Create new planes, bus, trains and truck connections. Optimize them to ever-changing demands and adapt to unexpected events. Beat the competition. Connect cities all around the real world map!
9570 | Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a fast, furious, armed-to-the-teeth, trigger-happy shooter, shifted into top gear! Take a white knuckle ride in this crazily addictive combat racing game.
9571 | Furry Milfs - is the simplest 2D puzzle the final goal of which to give you pleasure!
9572 | Pirates Outlaws is a roguelike card game in which you navigate dangerous seas and challenge their masters. Your expedition will be full of ambushes and will not be easy. Build your deck and combos to become a reputed pirate.
9573 | Existential Nature Simulation
9574 | RefRain - prism memories - is an empowering, cyberpunk, bullet-hell shoot-’em-up that focuses on fast-paced, offensive gameplay. “Dive” into a hazardous digital world, cycle through 3 different attack modes, and delete the opposition with superior firepower.
9575 | Immersive harem experience in VR space! High functionality and freedom with lesbian play, cross-sectional views, big tits/poor tits, and more!
9576 | In the world where all answers were told the great enemies confronted each other. The time has come. Time to defeat Obama once and for all. Will the world be free from racism or you will start a new era? It is up to you. But keep in mind... Obama has no chill.
9577 | PAC-MAN 256 is the maze that never ends. But the Glitch is coming for you…
9578 | Play with evolution! Species: ALRE is a scientifically-grounded, emergent simulation of natural selection. Creatures evolve and speciate in response to in-game mutation and selection forces, allowing you to experience and tinker with evolution in real-time.
9579 | An open-world galaxy adventure game ✨🚀🌠 Explore a procedurally-generated universe filled with diverse micro-planets, asteroid belts and UFOs. 👽
9580 | Backrooms: Exploration is a single-player horror game, which takes place in 2020. Two friends have lost their jobs due to COVID-19, but they still have to bring food to the table. After a failed heist, one of them ends up in the Backrooms. Now your only mission is to survive.
9581 | Broken Pieces is a psychological thriller taking place in a french coastal village somehow outside the flow of time. Solve the mysteries by putting the pieces of the story back together by figuring out the enigma behind this mystical place.
9582 | The most complete MotoGP™ game ever! Join Valentino Rossi’s VR|46 Riders Academy and train with him in order to become the new champion of the 2016 MotoGP™ season!
9583 | A dystopian future. An authoritarian regime. A tale of violence, intrigue, and hope. Swing from towering skyscrapers and battle deadly enemies as you fight to free your city from the evil that consumes it. With a kinetic swinging system, intense gunplay, and an immersive story campaign.
9584 | Guide Vivian the Vagrant, through vibrant and dynamic landscapes while hacking and slashing a path from a quiet coastal village through mysterious forests, haunted castles, and wrecked battlegrounds. When the endless barrage of enemies have been vanquished, what solace will be left for our hero?
9585 | Entirely rebuilt from the ground up, Q.U.B.E. 10th Anniversary is the ultimate celebration of the decade-old original, bringing refined visuals, completely redesigned and revised gameplay sections, and a whole new chapter to the award-winning, brain-twisting first-person puzzler.
9586 | Battle the corrupt animals of the forest, collect valuable items and abilities, and save the world, TWICE, in this retro-styled RPG adventure! As an official spinoff of the Five Nights at Freddy's horror game series, you can expect familiar characters, loads of secrets, and maybe some scares...
"9587 | By an accident，the protagonist set out on a journey to the ""Lemuria Continent"" with the second princess of the demon country who was running away from home.Awaiting in the pioneer land is encounters with dangerous monsters, unexplored land, and fascinating beauties."
9588 | Play a Zen game! Rediscover the famous traditional Chinese game. Find all the matching pairs of tiles, being careful not to become blocked in, to get to the end of each level. Concentration and perceptiveness are needed to finish the gorgeous boards that we have produced for you.
9589 | Worms™ Clan Wars is the biggest and best Worms™ game to date - more worms, larger landscapes, more dynamic water, more weapons and more customisation items than ever before.
9590 | ACE Academy is a slice-of-life, story-centric comedy game with elements of dating-sim; fully voiced and extensively interactive!
9591 | Guacamelee! Gold Edition is a Metroidvania-style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican-inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters.
9592 | The newest installment in the Grisaia visual novel series. All of the girls from Mihama, past and present, must face off against a new evil terrorist organization in an all-out war.
"9593 | It's after midnight on the Quartzway Express, and there's been a MAGICAL CRIME! Investigate the crime scene, question suspects, and defend the accused through unique cross-examination puzzles in this ""Phoenix Wright"" inspired mystery comedy."
9594 | Bullet Heaven 2 is a bullet-hell shoot-em-up inspired by games like Touhou and Jamestown. It's all about shooting every cute thing that moves, while dodging hundreds of shiny bullets per second!
9595 | Swing, jump, and blast through dimensions in the follow-up to the critically-acclaimed 2D action-platformer Grapple Dog. Zip between action-packed worlds as Pablo and Luna team up to save the cosmos in their own unique ways.
9596 | This is a retro barrage flying shooting game. Drive a space fighter plane, shuttle between planets and space stations, and use powerful firepower to destroy enemy space battleships! !
9597 | John's got a hunch something's up on Lush Palms island. There's this eerie gas affecting the military base, chem lab and locals... Time to jump in and investigate who’s behind it! Unveil the story! Discover the map! Obtain resources! Survive among the infected! Solve the puzzles! Fight your way!🌴
9598 | Cultivation Story: Reincarnation is a top-down pixel art style action roguelike based on cultivation and Chinese mythology.
9599 | Carve your path in this Hack’n’Slash free from class boundaries. Purify a world shattered by corruption, and uncover the grim secrets and forgotten horrors lurking in the shadows of this forsaken land as you rise in Power. Your Inner aspect beckons—will you answer?
9600 | Make the dwelling of your dreams a reality in this apartment management sim!
9601 | Blast bugs and chase high scores in this glorious revival of an old-school classic, all while jamming to a heart-pounding original score by Megan McDuffee. Play solo or tag in a friend for local co-op across 30 unique challenges or the endless arcade mode.
9602 | Strongblade is a match-3 puzzle game where you play as Sean the Mouse. Travel through a captivating world filled with puzzles, outsmart cunning villains, befriend charming animals, and build unique camps.
9603 | Now on Steam, revamped with brand new content! Immerse yourself in the latest chapter of the popular, Japanese indie horror title, Kageroh: Shadow Corridor. Survive against the onslaught of horrors that lie in wait in eerie, traditional Japanese locales that change with every playthrough.
9604 | In a dystopian future, as The Judge with immense power, you journey through space to find hope in a divided society. This sci-fi adventure explores hope amidst adversity.
"9605 | ""+"" means new possibilities... The arcade version of The Rumble Fish + has returned with new features!"
9606 | Fall in Luv all over again! Familiar faces and worlds collide in three massive new adventures, including the long-awaited follow-up to Muv-Luv Alternative!
9607 | The Turing Test is a challenging first-person puzzle game set on Jupiter’s moon, Europa. You are Ava Turing, an engineer for the International Space Agency (ISA) sent to discover the cause behind the disappearance of the ground crew stationed there.
9608 | Submit to the judgement of The Taskmaster in glorious virtual reality! The hit TV show comes to VR and YOU are the contestant. Step into the world of Taskmaster, endeavour to complete a menagerie of challenging and extraordinary tasks and get creative in how you solve them. Your time starts now!
"9609 | ""Seek Girl: Fog I"" is a strategy adventure game where you will rescue trapped girls in the mysterious fog. The suddenly appearing mist in the Kingdom Forest trapped the girls in it。You are a warrior recruited by the king to rescue the lost girl."
9610 | You are bread. Your mission, become toast! Take on all hazards to deliciousness as you head on an epic adventure in one of the the toughest games ever baked. All of the game modes (including Bagel Race) are now unlocked so there's sure to be something to suit everyone's taste!
"9611 | ""Yuina is lost in the World of Succubus. Could she go back to her world safely? This game is a RPG featuring card battle with deck-building, skill tree, and various strategies!"""
9612 | You are Price, a man who sold his humanity to get a partnership from a leading company: McDade, Bruton & Moore. DISTRAINT 2 follows on from the events of the first game. It's a sinister tale about restoring hope and finding your purpose.
9613 | Deep Among the Swarm is a challenging survival RTS roguelite about surviving against thousands of enemies. Drill ever deeper underground while fighting the endless onslaught of the Swarm. Can you save humanity?
9614 | Return to Yeondu High School and uncover the dark truth that remained hidden in this direct sequel to the Korean horror classic. Investigate bizarre phenomena, evade bloodthirsty killers, and unravel a twisting narrative spread across three unnerving episodes.
9615 | Return to Yeondu High School and uncover the dark truth that remained hidden in this direct sequel to the Korean horror classic. Investigate bizarre phenomena, evade bloodthirsty killers, and unravel a twisting narrative spread across three unnerving episodes.
9616 | Traps in motion at long last! Trap series creators Aogiri Penta and Nishida Hajime bring us another exciting title, a cross-dressing yuri love story that will shatter its readers sense of values into a thousand pieces!
"9617 | DUALICE(TAISHO x ALICE episode III) is a fairytale visual novel in which YOU must save your Prince Charming! You will take on the role of the fairytale heroine in order to rehabilitate your chosen love interest and guide him to his ""happily ever after""!"
9618 | Choose your character, grow stronger, and defeat endless waves of enemies! But simple combat isn’t enough—stand on the magic circle and survive for a set time to win. Strategically move and combine skills to create the best survival strategy!
9619 | An AI-directed town where anything can happen. Let your NPCs thrive, or turn them against each other. Each character has their own goals and desires and responds to events in real time.
9620 | Will you mend your heart or be lost forever in a Vixen filled dungeon of lust and pleasure?
9621 | Are you ready to get sliced in half? The year is 2089 and a giant disc has appeared in orbit of Jupiter. Step into the oversized space suit of a brave scientist and explore this sprawling intergalactic slaughterhouse.
"9622 | The ""Jail"" suddenly appeared a number of years ago, sinking the city deep into the ground. There, this impenetrable living prison 666 metres beneath the surface, held power over eerie creatures called ""Marchens."" Within the prison was a boy named Jack - living a life of suffering..."
9623 | You’re the designer, engineer and architect if you can imagine it you can create it! Construct robots of any shape or size from eight-legged spider bots to eerie UFO contraptions.
9624 | Embark on an adventure to rescue Charlie’s family from the nefarious industrialist known only as the 'Baron.'
9625 | Learn Japanese kanji in this interactive role-playing game! No experience needed – start reading and writing in Japanese!
"9626 | Step into the cockpit of a giant ""mecha"" robot, dueling with plasma sabers in an interstellar civil war!"
9627 | Sexy 3D fighting game for adults. You can grab your opponent, perform joint techniques, and perform sexually suggestive moves!
9628 | Do you like puzzles, fruit and the notion of crossing a snake with a bird for no good reason? If the answer to at least one of those questions is yes, then Snakebird might be the game for you. Solve your way through this headscratcher of a puzzle game and help the snakebirds sate their hunger.
9629 | Isometric card battler RPG with a touch of virtual creatures, set in a futuristic, digital world, with over-the-top villains and a very shadowy plot.
9630 | A narrative-driven puzzle adventure game with the butterfly effect at its core. Board the Babel, a mysterious cruise ship that takes you on a whimsical journey to the afterlife. Use a special pen to help fellow travelers fulfill their wishes by rewriting the past, changing how the future unfolds.
9631 | Your life is changed forever when a mysterious package arrives at your front door. Go on many different outings with your new android companion as you both form unforgettable memories in this beautiful visual novel.
9632 | Survive the wilderness, build a home, raise a family, and expand your territory. Gain power as President, deliver justice as Sheriff, fight for your tribe as Chief, or show some southern hospitality as Governor. Begin your new life in 19th century America.
9633 | Fish Tycoon is a virtual fish breeding game. The object is to breed and cross breed fish until you find the 7 Magic Fish and solve the genetic puzzle. You will have to buy supplies like meds, eggs and special plants and then sell some of your fish in your virtual pet store.
9634 | A tactical, turn-based RPG from the makers of Legend of Grimrock games. Every action, every turn counts as you control your party of heroes through challenging, handcrafted missions in the ancient, mist-clad Menhir Forest.
9635 | ESCAPE FROM BOYKISSER is a psychological horror game that immerses the player in the sterile rooms of BACKROOMS.
9636 | Can you survive the night watching the haunted house?
9637 | Silver, a corrupt and sinister sorcerer, rules the land of Jarrah with an iron fist. He and his henchmen have abducted the village women as part of a pact with the almighty god, Apocalypse. Now, only one man can put a stop to Silver and his minions. That man is you, David, a promising young knight whose wife is among the captured.
"9638 | ""Bureau of Contacts"" - ghost-hunting game for 1-4 players, in which you'll encounter 2 enemies at once - location itself and the ghosts with most human-like intelligence ever. So...look around and watch what you say!"
9639 | Five girls meet in an isolated underground city. As they slay and betray each other, what fate awaits them at the end of their journey? Hope? Or despair? Enjoy an immersive story, fully voiced and boasting multiple endings!
9640 | In a world of magic, your mind is your greatest weapon. Learn the ways of magic and design your own spells to fight enemies, navigate treacherous terrain, and right past wrongs in the kingdom of Mystralia.
9641 | Final version of Denos City. Adult Visual Novel. The game includes a walkthrough so you don't miss any scene of the game.
9642 | It's vacation time! Try your hand at managing a lush tropical resort!
9643 | Old Man’s Journey, a soul-searching puzzle adventure, tells a story of life, loss, and hope. Interacting with the world around you, you'll shape the landscape to create the old man's path forward. Experience heartache and hope as you embark on a heartfelt journey through a sunkissed world.
9644 | Fearmonium is a psychedelic metroidvania where suspense intertwines with humour. Beginning the game as an unpleasant memory, you must progress and become a true phobia by breaking through all boundaries to uncover the most hidden corners of Max's mind.
9645 | Welcome to our fresh adult visual novel! Hot college girls playing basketball, and you’re coaching them - could you ask for more? Meet the team, get to know their deepest secrets, help them win and bring the prize home in Sex Sport College 💦🏅!
9646 | Tilemancer dungeon is a minimalist dungeon crawler - card game where you create & explore your own dungeon. Create your own path, fight your way through the dungeon, gear up and claim the dungeon to become the next Tilemancer !
9647 | Red Ops : The First Infection is an engaging ​BL/yaoi visual novel (18+) ​featuring hardships, world-ending events, zombies, love and intimacy. Follow our characters as they embrace their sexuality and explore their newfound romance.
9648 | LUNA The Shadow Dust is a fully hand-animated Point&Click puzzle adventure, brought to life through wordless storytelling, beautiful cinematics and a breathtaking original soundtrack.
9649 | A BL dating sim with elements of studio management and interactions with voice actors! Follow Aki, a newbie voice director who has to complete the recordings for several BL dramas, and interact with the charming voice actors. Come give voice to the language of love!
9650 | Bring the cities of the world to their knees as a giant Kaiju. Featuring a fully destructible physics-based sandbox for you to lay waste!
9651 | Mizuchi 白蛇心傳 is a heartfelt and philosophical yuri visual novel inspired by the Legend of the White Snake and multiple folklore. Follow Linh's journey with a beautiful shape-shifting temptress and a resourceful warrior nun, and experience a story of love, transformation, and belonging.
9652 | As an Engineer - crew member of one of the first Mars colonies - you are responsible for repairing and maintaining Mars Rovers. In this advanced simulator you will learn the internal details of various Mars Rovers and their components.
9653 | A lewd game of tentacle pleasures.
9654 | As a human border agent, you begin a new role as a booth operator at an AI travel border. Interact and check over a variety of robots as they try to get through security.
9655 | In the beginning, Crossdressers were the sun... And Goddesses too! A story of turmoil filled romance between man and crossdresser in modern times, brought back to the forefront by the Goddesses of legend! A hymn of love for the new generation of crossdressers!
9656 | Relive over a thousand years of Great Britain's history in this epic game of conquest and domination. From Roman legions to the Norman Conquest led by William the Conqueror, explore the fate of numerous nations and fight to become king.
9657 | A fresh, exciting music puzzle game featuring The Muse, Lola! Contains 19 songs and 1 BGM track. Collide and mix Lola spheres together to help them evolve! The more they evolve, the greater the score!
9658 | Delve into the mysterious atmosphere of 1940s Germany in the visual novel Furry Hitler 2. You'll immerse yourself in a flurry of events surrounding Adolf Hitler, who travels to a small town near Munich to personally check on military affairs.
9659 | Learn and play Go, the classic board game that has been played for thousands of years, and compete in the race to conquer the most land in the in-game world, or compete online against opponents around the real world.
"9660 | Okubo Tatsuya is a 35-year-old convenience store clerk. He is an introvert, has no friends. One day, he received a text message signed ""The Goddess"": ""Do you want to be a hero in another world?"" Accidentally, he reincarnated in another world and became an orc—"
9661 | This is an adventure game with visual novel elements. Explore this Wild West town and the stories of its inhabitants! Bring about new relationships and solve their problems like a good sheriff who is not at all a hustler in a paper-thin disguise should!
9662 | Become Jules Verne and adventure into the dangers that hide in Hemera, a fantastic parallel world built from his own imagination. Explore, solve puzzles and unlock the most coveted secret of the mighty Atlantis.
9663 | Embark on an 8-bit style JRPG quest to save Earth. Battle in unique party-based combat mixing real-time action and strategic commands. Join Gio and a team of lively characters as they unearth bizarre global events, forgotten legends, and battle mythical foes to unveil the secrets of Geo Mythica.
9664 | Travel to northern Norway, solve puzzles using a mysterious, magical bracelet and make new friends on your journey to discover the past - and yourself!
9665 | In the land of Arcanus Cella, the souls of the dead gather as they await reincarnation. However, some souls have unfinished business to resolve. Grant peace to these souls by traveling across feudal Japan and fighting your way through dungeons filled with monsters and traps!
9666 | At Seiyou Girls' academy, there are rumors of an angel. Roommates Hina, Rin, and Fumi all have completely different personalities, but they all experienced 1 strange event: They all once saw an angel in their youth. They gradually begin to suspect that one of their roommates might be that angel.
"9667 | ""—I wanna marry you."" Those simple words set in motion a ♀ yuri ♀ game of cat and mouse!"
9668 | Destropolis is a top-down shooter game with a fully destructible environment, hundreds of enemies and nuclear explosions. Fight a countless swarm of enemies. Tear them to pieces with bullets, lasers and explosions. Destroy as many of them as you can before they overwhelm you...
9669 | Try to find love while managing a Korean snack shop.
9670 | Adventure across the lands of Northmark and save your homeland from the plot in this original card RPG.
9671 | A visual novel with 3D model animation featuring BDSM (Bondage, Domination, Sadism, and Masochism).
9672 | Kingsway is the #1 operating system for daily tasks such as skeleton smashing and loot-organizing. Trouble sorting through all your potions and swords? Don't worry! Kingsway can help you manage, and with an easy to use interface you'll have time leftover for a peaceful stroll through the underworld.
9673 | Urak, once peaceful, is now a land of darkness, chaos and death. The people yearn for a champion to drive away the forces of evil. That champion is you.
9674 | Vendir: Plague of Lies is a classic party-based RPG with a deep storyline and turn-based combat. Experience an intricately crafted world, steeped in history and brought to life through a carefully crafted atmosphere and the trials and tribulations of stories of the people that inhabit it.
9675 | Soma, driven by destiny, begins his quest to save his home, Israfil Continent, which trembles in fear of an evil empress… Elf Pontifex, princess knight, the first vampire, etc , with the many beautiful women waiting for their stories to unravel, what will happen in the end of this adventure...?
9676 | Ghost Exorcism INC is a horror game where you can play alone, or in a team of up to 6 exorcists. Your mission will be to identify paranormal entities, and then exorcise them.
9677 | Leta’s life changed in one moment. She and her friend Lina found an old music box in the mountains... and soon Lina disappeared, leaving behind only a photograph and the ominous music box. Uncover the secrets in atmospheric third-person horror game.
9678 | Serious Sam VR: The First Encounter is a frantic arcade action FPS, featuring singleplay and co-op campaign, various multiplayer modes, all presented in glorious VR and with different locomotion movements.
9679 | Return to your home planet after 200 years of space travel in this atmospheric, art-driven adventure. Shoot, slash, and roll your way through dangerous enemies and ancient bosses, purchase items and unlock powerful weapons, and explore your unfamiliar home for parts to repair your ship.
9680 | Erotic visual novel about adventures of Fabian Brook and his crew in Savage Waters. Explore the world with unique creatures and choose a beloved woman.
9681 | A fighting game in card form. Learn your character, practice combos, and read the opponent's tendencies. Strategic, turn-based card battling that lets you experience the nuances of fighting games like Street Fighter and Fantasy Strike by a lead designer who worked on both.
9682 | Eva, the half-dragon, half-human princess. Pfel, the steward, who serves Eva. They visit a mysterious isolated island infested with monster girls, and Pfel collects food for Eva on the island. However, there is a secret hidden on the island.
9683 | Haunted Investigation is a spine-tingling horror game that will test your nerves and keep you on the edge of your seat. Whether you choose to play alone or with another friend (up to 2 players), you'll be immersed in a world of terror and suspense as you explore an abandoned mansion.
9684 | Awaken the latent power of your melanin and kill cops in this thought-provoking game on police brutality in America.
9685 | “As the last summer day fades, all is illuminated.” With gorgeous translucent designs by Mel Kishida, as well as a story that depicts the youth of lifelike girls, based on a theme of human identity and bonding, a new title in the BLUE REFLECTION series is here!
9686 | A necromancer simulator. Assemble the dead using different body parts while upgrading your tower, combine the abilities of the different fantastic races to fight your way through the hordes of enemies and overrun the ’chosen ones’. To tell the truth, the dead are pretty, uhm, dumb.
9687 | Joyville is a horror-puzzle adventure game set in an abandoned children's camp. Brace yourself for a gripping journey through the shadows, solving puzzles, and trying to survive amidst the hidden horrors that await you.
9688 | Live at your aunt's house in the countryside during the summer! From having a small chat to taking a bath together, raise Affection Level to unlock more interactions! She may not let you kiss her at first, but eventually......♡
9689 | Stigmatized Property, 事故物件 (Jiko bukken) is a horror game inspired by haunted apartment rooms in Japan. These properties are known to have cheap rents and you play to find out the exact reason why.
9690 | Dinosaur World is a survival game about dinosaurs.
9691 | Hack greedy megacorps to help as many people as you can in a high-agility cyberpunk looter/shooter RPG. Explore vast cyberspace vistas and outmaneuver AIs to customize your loadout with an arsenal of weapon combos. Think Borderlands meets Tron. Play solo or online co-op with up to 10 people!
9692 | In this game, you are the bullet hell. Face off against 100 waves of enemies and bosses by collecting a deck of attack cards that activate in real-time to unleash destruction upon everything in sight. There's an insane amount of customizability leading to an infinitely replayable experience.
9693 | Your wife needs to be dominated; she yearns for it. Yet, you simply can't fill the void; the necessity in her heart.
"9694 | The young girl ""Sill"", who longed to become an adventurer, came to the Developing City Aletia. However, shadows came quietly... No one had expected what kind of crisis Sill would encounter. But every footprint left by her will soon become mythology..."
9695 | In Season 2 of The Last Door, the search for his missing client will bring psychiatrist John Wakefield deeper into a conspiracy of darkness and closer to the heart of madness than ever before.
9696 | Welcome to Sunshine Heavy Industries! As the new spaceship engineer, solve increasingly tricky design puzzles with your own personal style. Manage customer demands, juggle budget and ship performance, and survive the questionable decision making skills of your business partner.
9697 | In this exciting love interaction game, players act as a photography-loving sophomore who, after being knocked out during a shoot, finds themselves entangled in various indescribable scenarios with female seniors, juniors, and a married teacher!
9698 | Here’s a fast-paced dungeon destruction shooter you can clear in as little as 30 minutes! Break walls for shortcuts, detours, or direct paths. Double ammo, halve reload time, and power up to smash through even the toughest walls!
9699 | Take on the role of a young adventurer who recently inherited a sword. Your journey starts after you apply to the Knights Guild at the capital. Meet loveable characters as you explore this world that awaits you. Face the darkness that surfaces and uncover the evil plot as your story progresses.
9700 | Hunt, hide and kill as you take command of U.S. submarines and crews and navigate the treacherous waters of the Pacific during WWII. Silent Hunter, the industry-leading naval warfare simulation franchise for over a decade, returns to its roots with next-generation graphical realism, immersive gameplay, innovative crew evolution and more...
9701 | You're hired to dig up graves at a local church, looting valuables while demonic activity escalates. You must find and return all the burnt bones to stop the demonic activity. Each night you will dig for valuables to find bones, fend off growing corruption, and survive to solve the mystery.
9702 | Experience romantic Regency England in this sumptuous solitaire game. Play your cards right as you tour historic London, Brighton and Bath, and help Bella create a dazzling ballroom. Unlock gameplay features with your makeover project and improve Bella’s chances of finding true love!
9703 | YOU ARE THE BEAST! Rampage through colorful worlds to reclaim your desecrated Underworld from parasitic beings of joy. Use intuitive locomotion mechanics to run, jump, claw, and climb using only your hands in an adventure that will remind you of your favorite platformers.
9704 | Let your talent shine when you sing along your favorite songs in this fun party game! A variety of modes let you play with friends or compete against them. An open song format and AI powered editor tools provide boundless possibilites.
9705 | CozyTyper is a relaxing game where you can enjoy a cozy atmosphere while you spend your time improving your typing accuracy and speed, without the pressure of a ticking clock. Take your touch typing to the next level with calm practice and muscle memory training! Slow is smooth, smooth is fast.
9706 | 40 Winks is an action platformer where you control brother and sister, Ruff and Tumble. Your goal is to collect 40 Winks scattered around the world to stop an evil man called Nitekap. Nitekap wants to turn the winks into hood-winks who are responsible for giving children nightmares.
9707 | Pilot and customize a giant iron war mech in this alternate medieval history! The Papacy, Caliphate, and the Mongols are at war, and they all have mechs.
9708 | In Tony Stewart’s All-American Racing, it’s always a Saturday night at the local short track! With three different styles of racing to choose from and a variety of tracks, it’s sure to be a good time for all!
9709 | Enter a dark, captivating world as the massive evil of Black Mirror Castle is reincarnated with over 100 atmospheric locations to explore and 40 different characters to interact with. Will Darren's search lead him to redemption or the hell of insanity?
9710 | Explore the vast Evaria Kingdom in this 16-bit JRPG adventure. As the fate of the kingdom hangs in balance, three warriors are tasked with finding the Starlight Relics scattered across the Forest, Mountain, Desert, and Sky Provinces. Collect the four relics in any order in this non-linear retro RPG.
9711 | Defeat and captivate female soldiers in Jisr Village and humiliate them!
9712 | With the shifting gravity on your side, aim your cannons, blast your enemies and enjoy the fireworks. Worbital is a real-time strategic artillery game in space, peppered with a heavy dose of cosmic chaos. The goal: be the last civilization standing!
9713 | When the city of Mangetsu is under attack, it's up to Yatsuha and her new allies to drive back the nightmares and save the city!
9714 | Uncover the secrets of the 13th Skull!
9715 | Search a Darkened Movie Theater to Free a Hostage from her Captor’s Dangerous Plot!
9716 | Bloody Trapland is a fast-paced multiplayer platformer where the levels are filled with dozens of dangerous traps and tricky jumps that stand in your way! Play co-op with your friends or take on the challenges on your own. With support for up to 4 players at once, local and/or online.
9717 | Cast away on an island paradise complete with a cast of friendly frogs. Enjoy sandbox island life and explore at your own pace, solving sticky situations for your new friends and trading your way to fixing your ship!
9718 | Revisit and repeat the final moments of China's turn of the century in this narrative puzzle adventure. Play a 6th-grade student and greet classmates, explore secrets, play mini-4WD, or just wander around town. Make your choices to create a perfect day for everyone!
9719 | Street psychics. Their blinking neon signs are everywhere, promising love and wealth and happiness. They make a fortune preying on the gullible and milking them dry. So when these victims begin dying and leaving confused spirits behind, it can only take a genuine psychic (and her wayward spirit guide) to clean up the mess.
9720 | A challenging rogue-like deck building game about a legendary adventure in the Realm of Divinity. Lead your team, build your unique deck, gather powerful relics and consumables to confront legendary creatures and eventually discover the truth behind the omen of darkness.
9721 | You are a troubled college student trying to live a normal life surrounded by some... complicated men. Although unaware, you are causing the destruction of reality. Will the Guardians kill you to protect the universe? Can you find your happily ever after... How many times will you die trying?
9722 | The award-winning series Disciples introduced a milestone in the game's very successful history; the introduction of a new race: The Elves. The Elven Race added a new dimension to the game and added countless hours of gameplay. Now that series has expanded further with Disciples II: Rise Of The Elves.
9723 | Long after the passing of the Second Shadow, when dragons ruled the twilight sky and the stars were bright and numerous, came the Age of the Great Guilds. Blacksmiths. Shepherds. Clerics. Each dedicated to the absolute control of secret knowledge. Another such Guild was the Weavers.
9724 | A lost soul and his dog set out on an otherworldly trek through the afterlife in this wholesome, non-linear adventure game. Pass into the world beyond, perform acts of kindness for other souls, and mend mistakes from a forgotten past life - all with a very good boy by your side!
9725 | In a world controlled by blade, magic, and fist, diverse warriors gather for battle! This is a 2D fighting game featuring characters from Shining Blade and Shining Hearts.
9726 | Winter is coming. Snow Bros. is back in this brand-new adventure by Tatsujin!
9727 | It's time to build nine of the most intriguing structures throughout history! Match runes to break blocks and uncover the lock and keystone for each round. Rotate the cube face to move your keystone along the pathways you've created to reach each level's lock and conquer all six sides!
9728 | The skies will be set aflame and the seas will overflow with wreckage in Vlambeer’s stylish arcade shooter LUFTRAUSERS! Select from over 125 combinations of weapons, bodies, and propulsion systems and take to the skies to battle enemy fighter planes, battleships, submarines, and rival aces for glory, honor, and high scores.
9729 | It's time for an adventure!! Legends have it that there are mythical treasures lying deep within Valentine Island. Together with your four beautiful and well-stacked companions, will you be able to find it in this lighthearted and sometimes heart-pounding RPG?!
9730 | A new chapter in the EmyLiveShow lewdtubers' fantasy adventures. Join the battle against the infernally hot demons or succumb to the dark seduction!
9731 | Our hero decided to escape from the hustle and bustle of the city and get out into nature to relax in a cabin that was in the mountains.
9732 | For the first time, suit up in an off-the-wall multiplayer adventure where iconic Disney characters and legendary Disney worlds collide. Discover the mixed-up humor of this ever-expanding universe as you team up with friends to overcome challenges and defeat enemies.
9733 | A sandbox game that enables players to watch or take part in a warzone. Players will have access to a variety of tools and features that give them access to customize and change the battlefield however they like.
9734 | Making the best Sudoku game on Steam.
9735 | Oaken, a turn-based tactical roguelike set in the spirit inhabited world. Explore the Great Oak, gather allies and trinkets, learn to use the positioning for your advantage, choose how to upgrade your cards. Wake the spirits and save the Oak!
9736 | Agent Horny is an adult visual novel that follows the story of a strong, dominant, and uncompromising agent who uses his physical strength, combat skills, and intellect to fight crime and his charm to seduce beautiful women. The choices in this game are limited, check the description for more info.
9737 | Embark in a world of magic, where once mighty gods reigned supreme, but now are hunted and on the brink of oblivion. Can you save your love amidst a world consumed by lust and betrayal?
9738 | Cheers! To the best boss in the biz! Everyday is great if your boss is Arisa Shinoda. She's successful, she's humble, she's got a rockin' bod, AND you know she's a freak in bed after you catch her masturbating in the office after hours!
9739 | Prepare to be swept away by the enchanting allure of Tokyo's nightlife, where neon lights illuminate the path to unexpected encounters and unforgettable experiences.
9740 | Set out on a journey across America in SEX Route 69 - an adult visual novel finding the perfect balance between romance, adventure, and a road-movie. Start a road trip to explore the country, yourself and beautiful hotties you’ll meet on the way to the end of Route 69 - what secrets does it hold?
9741 | Stikbold is a glorious and intense sport which will put your friendships to the test with fast-paced, hard-hitting and occasionally hilariously unfair action! Or play the co-op story mode to unlock the full roster of quirky sporting heroes and earn achievements.
9742 | Omensight is an Action Murder Mystery game. In order to prevent the apocalypse, you are fated to repeat the last day of the world until it can be saved. Investigate clues, fight enemies, and solve the murder of the Godless-Priestess.
9743 | January, 1915. The Race to the Sea is over. The Great War has just begun. You are the commander of a single division in the meat grinder that is the Western Front. Lead your men over the top as you attempt to break the stalemate that is to claim the lives of millions over the course of years.
9744 | ELDERBORN - a Metal AF* Slasher with brutal FPP melee combat and souls-like/RPG character progression. In the times of legend, barbarian tribes need a new dark messiah. Be that merciless slayer. Uncover ancient secrets in the city of doom. Forge your own destiny! *Action Fantasy.
9745 | You are about to enter a fantasy quite unlike anything you've ever seen or felt before - a fantasy built from the stuff of your very own mind. Tender Loving Care is not just a finely crafted suspense story; it's an exploration into your innermost perceptions, opinions, and attitudes.
9746 | Design, build, or pirate spaceships. Build bases on planets. Explore endless randomly generated universes, travel through black holes, complete missions, survive cosmic events, collect and trade materials, battle epic bosses, and much more. The sky is the limit, literally!
"9747 | This is the final installment of TAISHO x ALICE, a fairytale visual novel in which YOU must save your Prince Charming! Take on the role of the heroine in order to rehabilitate your chosen love interest and guide him to his ""happily ever after"" once and for all!"
9748 | Rebel against your legacy in this farming action roguelite. Tend your spooky farm by day & defend your crops from enemies at night! Upgrade Voltaire, youngest son of Dracula, with devious new abilities & discover dozens of new plants to cultivate. Send dad a message: a vegan life is no missed steak!
9749 | SAMURAI SHODOWN V SPECIAL, which was the last game made for SNK’s NEOGEO back in 2004, finally makes its way onto Steam. It features everything fans expect from a fighting game such as training mode, online matches, etc.
9750 | Abandoned Souls is a horror game, shown through a GoPro lens. You play as a vlogger who specializes in urban exploration.
9751 | Delve into the world of Super Roboy, a hand-drawn Metroidvania in a post-apocalyptic setting! Learn enemy skills, explore an interconnected world, battle mutants and robots, and uncover the emotional story of a young robot searching for his father.
9752 | Pro Pinball, the world's most realistic pinball simulation is back, better than ever! Featuring the first of the ULTRA editions - Pro Pinball: Timeshock!
9753 | Step into the suits of Ladybug and Cat Noir in their most daring adventure yet! Embark on a thrilling adventure where heroism, acrobatic combat and parkour agility collide as Shadow Moth unleashes a wave of villains across the city. It’s up to you and your friends to save Paris!
9754 | TORIDORI 2 is the wonderful world of a photographer who is able to capture his dreams in the photo, but he can only take 2 shots per dream. The differences of some details will be the difference between these two shots. Carefully explore every corner and enjoy the game.
9755 | Blank Frame is a first person surreal horror game with a look akin to early 2000's pc/ps2 games.. In the small town of Dim River, one resident, Henri, has found himself trapped inside of his own apartment, perhaps not completely by himself. The night is going to be long and peculiar.
9756 | A 4x global turn-based strategy game with a well-developed economic and military model.
9757 | Lead the battles that forged the greatest Empire of all time. Seven civilizations fighting for glory or freedom: Rome, Aegyptus, Britannia, Germania, Gallia, Hispania, and Carthago. Enjoy the fast-paced RTC “Real-Time Conquest” gameplay, an Old School RTS oriented to military conquest.
9758 | MMORPG full of details that create a unique immersion and the spirit of adventure! Play your role in the life-filled medieval world controlled by players.
9759 | Build and defend villages of vegetable folk from deadly feral beasts in the blighted world of The Hollow. Explore, gather, and fight! You can even invite your friends. Can you craft the perfect village?
9760 | An erotic drag 'n drop puzzle adventure where you play three versions of yourself - at the same time! You're a sexy slime hero... Change the outcome of your story in real time! Explore the Smutty Scrolls, find legendary items and stay alive to date and pleasure all the girls! ❤️
9761 | Turn up the volume, turn off the lights, and get ready for the definitive Jurassic survival horror experience. Pump your shotgun and put those dinos back where they belong... in the ground!
9762 | Shadowgrounds breathes fresh air into the action genre with explosive combat sequences, an innovative weapon upgrade system, and an intriguing storyline. The adrenaline-pumping, top-down gameplay and audiovisual fireworks set the scene for this new action experience which also includes single computer (split keyboard or joystick) co-op...
9763 | Octohill is a casual game about building and managing your own ski resort. Mark ski trails, connect them with lifts and watch your snowmobiles rushing to rescue those daring skiers who went a little too far.
9764 | The second instalment in the Tomb Raider series invites you to join Lara as she travels around the globe to retrieve a precious artefact before it falls into the wrong hands. The legendary artefact, the Dagger of Xian, is said to give its possessor the power of a fire breathing dragon.
9765 | A summer memory in the countryside. Get a taste of nostalgia and let the pixel art warm your soul in this country life simulation. Do all the things you remember, and all the things you wish you had.
9766 | I've put on a lot of stickers! Let's peel off the stickers stuck to our bodies using our bare hands or water guns. The one who takes off the most stickers wins. Introducing a realistic bath play simulator.
9767 | The Scourge game tells stories revolving around urban legends from the 1990s in Saigon, Vietnam. The male protagonist is trapped by past sins caused by his and his family's mistakes. Now, he must confront and overcome the consequences to find a path to redemption, and you are him.
9768 | LOVE BAKUDAN is an 18+ yuri visual novel about Haruka Mishima, a young woman who inherits an erotic bookstore - and all of the drama, romance and daily life that comes with it. With six unique romance routes, erotic books to read and a special extra route, who will be the love bomb of your choice?
9769 | Fabulous riches, flying fists, and sensual embraces abound in this dazzling arena where rabbit men and bunny girls sprint to and fro, dodging explosions, brawling, making love, or just rocking out. It's the crazy, depraved billiards game, Rabbit Burn!
9770 | PomoFarm is half focus timer and half idle farming game! As Tomato the Duck, grow your farm as you focus on tasks in the real world!
9771 | In a society plagued by visions of the future, a group of friends attempt to find their own way in a predestined life. This isn't easy, however, when they live under the Argus Corporation - a superpower dedicated to maintaining social order. A fully voice acted dystopic story/dating-sim. Play today!
9772 | A must for any fan, Star Trek: Starfleet Academy is an action/flight simulator featuring filmed footage of the original Star Trek actors. Take your place among the best and brightest at Starfleet Academy!
9773 | Sengoku Jidai: Shadow of the Shogun is a turn-based tactical and strategic game set during the Sengoku era; primarily focusing on the Japanese Warring States period and Japanese Invasion of Korea.
9774 | A time-limited survival game infused with rogue-lite elements and an adorable art style! The world has plunged into darkness, and you are its sole beacon of hope. Will you endure until dawn, or succumb to repeated deaths in your quest? Fear not, for you can collect more coins to arm yourself!
9775 | The Multi-Medium is a visually unique 2D puzzle platform adventure in which you play as an interdimensional explorer lost in the multiverse. Travel to diverse worlds, each drawn or painted by hand in a different medium and style, in search of your place in the cosmos.
9776 | Birdfull is a small relaxing idle game. Attract birds with feed, try to keep them longer, and discover all of them including the unique ones! Watch the birds, generate more eggs in real time, and customize your cozy bird space.
9777 | A BL Bara Romantic Comedy Visual Novel
9778 | Summoners have toppled empires and challenged gods. They are venerated as saviours and feared as destroyers. With rings crafted by the ancient Khosani, the gifted can call forth demons, dragons, and elementals, but only the strongest can control the forces they unleash.
9779 | Dive into a thrilling survival adventure where an unknown liquid takes control of your life. Extract Serum to stay alive, battle dangerous creatures, solve puzzles, and uncover clues about past events.
9780 | Time Wasters is a space shooter bullet heaven roguelite. Equip and upgrade weapons, destroy swarms of enemies, and collect Time & Space Cubes to bend the timeline to your advantage.
9781 | Weedcraft Inc explores the business of producing, breeding and selling weed in America, delving deep into the financial, political and cultural aspects of the country's complex relationship with this troublesome and promising plant.
9782 | LiF:Forest Village is a city builder with survival aspects in a realistic harsh medieval world. Shape, build and expand your settlement, grow various food to prevent your villagers from avitaminosis and starvation. Possess them for additional micromanagement or simply to wander around.
9783 | Experience “Eufloria HD”, the new edition of Eufloria, an incredibly addictive ambient strategy game that anyone can play! Explore a beautifully realized universe rendered in a style that is unique and compelling.
9784 | Diatomic has fast paced action, gun juggling, epic boss fights, Agility Challenges and much more! Level up, unlock new abilities and customize your power ups to try and conquer this brutally difficult arena shooter where the only way to survive is to keep moving!
9785 | Enjoy racing at your own pace in this racing team management simulator.
9786 | A quirky 3D puzzle game about three musicians forming a band and trying to score their breakout hit.
9787 | Help Darren continue his search to uncover his clouded past. What do his torturous nightmares really mean? Who is the mysterious person that posted the bail to set him free? What demons lie waiting in the crypt?
9788 | Take a deep breath and find your fiancée who went missing in the dark abyss of the ocean.
9789 | Stone Simulator is a meditative idle game where you live as a rock enduring endless seasons and absurd events. Survive storms, unlock quirky achievements, and observe a serene, ever-changing world. Perfect for Zen-like relaxation or meme-worthy humor.
9790 | A mysterious hero from the heavens and the young ruler of Zipang, Himiko, set their sights on ending the eternal war burning around them, but to bring peace to the world they must first conquer it.
9791 | Panoptic is a local multiplayer VR game that pits you against a friend, where you play as either the giant Overseer or tiny Challenger in a stealthy game of cat and mouse. Will the Challenger slip away undetected through the crowds, or will the Overseer track them down with their powerful laser eye?
9792 | Casual hidden cats game. Become the sheriff and catch all the wanted cats! Explore 15 levels. Find over 600 cats. Find 45 secrets. Fight 15 bosses. Have fun and relax. MEOW!
9793 | Japan. From time immemorial, there are those who possess superhuman abilities. These beings who looked like a cross between man and beast are called Demi-Humans. They acted as Ninja and served those in power.
9794 | Cat Bait is a casual game with cute pixel graphics. Control the Cat Bait, dodge enemies, and use the unique abilities of helper cats.
9795 | Sit upon the throne of the Varennes Empire and control several generations of rulers in a valiant battle against the Seven Heroes.
9796 | Fight the armies of the Sheriff of Nottingham and lead the rebellion, solo or in co-op with up to 4 players. Play as one of the Merry Men, combine your attacks, and free the people in this futuristic dystopia inspired by the legend of Robin Hood.
9797 | Take a Spin with Danger to Unravel the Mystery of a Ghostly Merry-go-Round!
9798 | Mayo is back, and it’s all about kicking butts and having an existential crisis. This is a clicker game about a mayonnaise jar.
9799 | Punch, whip, and zipline your way through a post-apocalyptic America in this 16-bit retro-style action platformer! Play as Taro Takahashi, a resistance soldier on a revenge mission against the dictator who lords over the ashes.
9800 | Fight over the Earth-like planet of Seventia and its scarce resources of Septonium. A vertical shoot ’em up at its core with an added focus towards immersive storytelling. Follow the story of Alex and Margaret, two exceptional pilots, for the first time on Steam.
9801 | Drop in to Olliwood and prepare for finger-flippin’ mayhem in this follow up to cult skateboarding smash OlliOlli.
9802 | A university student named Sae finds herself lost in the mountains. While searching for help, she comes across an old looking mansion and decides to enter it. However, there was more to this mansion than meets the eye. What will become of Sae? Find out in this Puzzle-Escape RPG!
9803 | Lamentum is a pixel art survival horror game, set in New England in the mid-nineteenth century.
9804 | NOISZ is an unprecedented mix of rhythm game, bullet hell shoot-em-up, and visual novel. Battle a variety of challenging and unique bosses by performing actions to the beat, in order to progress through a massive anime-inspired narrative full of surprising twists and colorful characters!
9805 | Dominate the dojo in The Karate Kid: Street Rumble, a pixel art beat ‘em up adventure. Grab your friends for local co-op multiplayer and dive into the classic The Karate Kid journey with retro-style gameplay, dynamic combat, and epic boss battles.
9806 | An animated visual novel of a lovely and bittersweet tale of youth, you play as Aoi Minase in this romantic-comedy as he meets various young girls in his hometown and works together with them to revive their school’s glider-flying “Soaring Club” in order to realize their shared dream of flight.
9807 | Welcome to a tropical island where sun, sand, and seduction await you! In the adult visual novel SEX, BEACH & GIRLS⛱️ 💦, you take on the role of the main character who arrives on an exotic island for the entire summer, seeking romantic adventures and beachside flings.
9808 | Created with indie comic artist Graham Annable's unique narrative and visual sensibilities, delivered with the distinctive Telltale storytelling style, Puzzle Agent is sure to challenge, thrill and engage in more ways than you can shake a cryptogram at!
9809 | Astrologaster is a comedy game set in Shakespeare’s London. Play as 'Doctor' Simon Forman and treat his patients using astrology. A story-driven adventure based on a truly ridiculous story.
9810 | BlazeRush is a dynamic arcade racing survival game with no health, no levelling and no brakes! You can assemble a team of friends to play in local or online multiplayer, choose a car to your taste and chase, blow up and cut off! Adapt your style and tactics to new enemies, obstacles and tracks.
9811 | Play golf, level up, buy gear and abilities. Complete challenges and play in 18-hole tournaments across several courses on your way to become a golf pro!
9812 | Reintroducing a classic from the golden era of gaming, the original empire building space RTS, Imperium Galactica 2 is back and looking better than ever with new high-res textures and vivid colors.
9813 | In order to challenge more difficult missions, she even sold her body in exchange for powerful equipment! Will she be promoted to an S-rank adventurer first, or will she become No. 1 in the brothel?
9814 | Four heroes are facing a horde of evil! Ultimate abilities, magic artifacts, hero upgrades and clever tactics... All these will help to defeat the Boss.
9815 | MONOPOLY® is back with a fresh look and an improved game experience. Buy, sell, trade properties, and grow your empire in a fully animated 3D city that transforms from sunlit days to stormy nights as you play.
9816 | Sometimes it takes a nightmare to wake a place like Dahlia View. Lead the investigation into a missing child and discover the dark secret of Dahlia View in this story-driven observational thriller from the creators of The Occupation and Ether One.
9817 | Control characters from the Touhou Project series in this shooting action game featuring high-speed aerial versus combat! Danmaku battles faster than you've ever seen will unfold in the skies of Gensokyo as you use your mobility to dodge countless bullets flying at you with a variety of spells.
9818 | An adventure game in the genre of mystical detective. Student Kris is on the trail of the killer. Every decision has consequences, and every wish may be the last.
9819 | The Elision Effect is a short surreal puzzle game. The last person finds themselves in an empty office. The place seems off, like it shouldn’t exist. Not knowing what made everyone abandon these liminal spaces, they look for an exit.
9820 | Enjoy the serenity of the Amazon rainforest in this cozy short nature exploration game. As a butterfly researcher on a five-day camping trip, explore nearby tracks, take photos, meet animal friends, and journal the discoveries found along the way!
9821 | The world's worst nurses are back, and they're nastier than ever! Can Yamada escape the clutches of the “OG Three,” a triple threat of veteran nurses who like to play dirty? Find out in this, the second genre-defining hospital misadventure visual novel from Dark One!
9822 | Knuckle Sandwich is a turn-based RPG by Andy Brophy. Get a job, beat up some monsters, and solve a mystery that's plaguing Bright City.
9823 | Step into the monochromatic and mind-bending universe of the Shift series developed by Antony Lavelle, where black and white landscapes hide more than meets the eye. This collection unites the original four titles - Shift, Shift 2, Shift 3, and Shift 4.
9824 | Colony building RPG with detailed characters, driven by procedurally generated Stories. Build a hut, a village, a town, a city, a kingdom. 5 different races. Ally with unique factions. Rule an Undead empire. Craft Legendary items. Tame creatures. Enslave enemies. It's all here.
9825 | Soko Loco Deluxe is a cute train tycoon! 🚂🧱🎁💎 Transport resources, develop towns and build a giant monument! Choo-choo!
9826 | Fight the various battles of the English Civil War between the Parliamentarians and the Royalists.
9827 | EarthX is a rocket company management game. Go from launching small rockets on Earth to eventually building a colony on Mars. Create your own Internet constellation, develop new technologies, supply the International Space Station and terraform Mars!
9828 | Join the new heroic duo, Scribbler and Patch, in an epic battle to save dragons and defeat the villain, Eir, who is controlling dragons to carry out her evil plans.
9829 | Selena, an ex-adventurer and a hero's wife, returned to the dungeon once again in search of material to repair an orb that seals a powerful monster from the past. However, she gets taken advantage of by a Dark Guild, becoming an adventurer by day, and their sex slave by night......
9830 | Malware lurks where you least expect it. Unscrupulous software vendors have hidden traps inside legitimate installers — can you spot them all and keep your computer clean?
9831 | MOTHERGUNSHIP is a bullet-hell FPS where you craft your own guns, fight gigantic bosses, and defeat a robotic alien armada that conquered Earth. Face off against overwhelming odds in brutal, non-stop combats where thinking on your feet is the only way to survive.
9832 | Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star is a sequel to Achtung Panzer: Kharkov 1943. It’s an Eastern Front war game with solid graphics and sprawling battlefields that really emphasizes the scope of WWII tank combat.Want to step into the role of a commander in the very heart of Kharkov’s defense?
9833 | The busty shinobi of SENRAN KAGURA exchange their kunais for kitchen knives in this epic cooking/rhythm showdown! Culinary warfare is carried out via rhythm battles, and players who can create the ultimate Super Dish may be treated to a special feast for the eyes as well.
9834 | Survive the night in a deadly asylum—deliver sinister meds, keep the insane in line, and outwit a killer hiding in the dark.
9835 | Haven't heard of Dragon's Lair?! Well, you play the heroic Dirk the Daring, a valiant knight on a quest to rescue the fair princess from the clutches of an evil dragon! Originally released in the summer of 1983, Dragon's Lair has solidified itself as a cultural icon in gaming.
9836 | Stars vanished from the sky and scattered across a perfect endless wetland... Catch bugs and chat with many characters while playfully wandering through peaceful scenery. But don't lose sight of the night sky, the constellations need help!
9837 | Their lives are in your hands - can you take the pressure? In this re-release of the classic EMERGENCY 3 it's your job to save lifes! Command many different first responder units in an exciting mix of simulation and real-time strategy.
9838 | Mud, sweat, adrenaline, and fun: all the best the motocross and dirt bike world has to offer awaits you in the new Monster Energy Supercross 6!
9839 | WARNING: This is a highly addictive VR game and must be played with at least one other person who joins the game on a mobile device. The required mobile game for iOS and Android is free.
9840 | Midnight Protocol is a tactical narrative-driven RPG with unique keyboard-only controls. Hack into servers, beat security systems and discover encrypted secrets while you try to find answers to why and how you got doxxed.
9841 | A sexy furry game where you reproduce to make big armies and build cities.
9842 | [3D 3rd Person Perma-Death Runner Game]Try to overcome various obstacles until the end.
9843 | Do you have what it takes to compete with the best of the best in the Superstar Racing Experience? SRX: The Game is your chance to prove it.
9844 | Craft a party of diverse characters, each with customizable skills and looks. Explore a living world with dynamic day-night cycles, changing seasons, and diverse biomes. Embark on an epic journey where you shape your destiny as the director of your unique story.
9845 | Tzar: The Burden of the Crown is an RTS classic by Haemimont Games, originally released in 2000
9846 | Relive the nostalgia with OYASUMII, a horror and exploration game inspired by PSX and N64 classics. Enter liminal spaces and face surreal terrors in an adventure that challenges your skills and sanity. Are you ready to relive the golden age of video games with OYASUMII?
9847 | Assault Android Cactus is an intense arcade style twin stick shooter - pick from one of nine unique synthetic heroines and blast your way through overwhelming robots hordes to save the ship from its own workforce. Supports single player and local co-op game modes.
9848 | Olive is trapped in school in the midst of the apocalypse! With demons slaughtering every dog in sight there's only so many left to spend time with! Will their special someone be Brownie the snack-loving corgi, Sparky the sporty husky or Patches the dalmatian bookworm? You decide!
9849 | Broken Lens is a cozy game where you will discover the story of a little robot with a sight problem. Explore manifold cute environments at your own pace and investigate to understand what happened to them.Will you be able to uncover all the secrets? 🔍
9850 | The cataclysmic battle between giant monsters has begun in this manga-inspired, side-scrolling, kaiju beat-'em-up!
9851 | 1996—Los Angeles, CA. A young newcomer is turned into a vampire and thrust into the dark underworld of society, forced to sink or swim. You are that newcomer.
"9852 | Your quest for the true immersive Civil War battle experience ends here. Voted in PC Gamers list of Best 100 Games of All Time, Take Command is an RTCS ""Real-Time Combat Simulator"" and you've never played anything like it!"
"9853 | ""Have we all been acting waywardly?"" An Adventure RPG that deals with the life and death of wayward humans, striving to escape a syndicate that creates monsters."
9854 | Cultivate a thriving farm to survive in this peaceful horror farming game! Play online with up to 16 players in the same lobby. Work together with your fellow farmers to repair your tractor and escape the farm, try not to fall victim to the eerie and mysterious creatures that lurk nearby.
9855 | RAID: World War II is an action-packed four player cooperative shooter set during a time when the Nazi war machine was still winning, and hope was in short supply.
9856 | Play Delicious - Emily's New Beginning and enjoy a new phase in Emily's life! Can you help her run Emily's Place together with taking care of a beautiful daughter?
9857 | Take on the role of a curious flying kite-like being and travel to colorful, curious worlds waiting to be discovered.
9858 | The original design of the never-before seen point and click adventure has been brought to life after 30+ years in the vault - Beyond Shadowgate! This new massive game (created by the designer of the original hit Shadowgate and a leading 8-bit adventure studio) is 5 TIMES BIGGER than NES Shadowgate!
9859 | Create and manage your team in a violent, dystopic world of no-rules, fast-paced, arcade-style, ice hockey action. Adjust training regimens, control diets, administer black market pharmaceuticals, and provide healthcare (or not) to a ragtag team of convicts at the mercy of your underhanded tactics.
9860 | It is an adventure game where you can enjoy a slapstick love harem play with laughter, tears, and a little H in a bar in a fantasy world.
9861 | Shoot terrifying monsters and a killer clown in a haunted city full of nightmares. Explore 8 locations, solve puzzles, switch between dream and reality, and make choices that shape your escape. Death Park 2 is a horror FPS with multiple endings and a boss fight.
9862 | Play as Lily or Ace and with the help of 10 different avatars (each one a potential love interest) remember their past and discover if you can escape the Afterlife. With optional card battle gameplay.
9863 | Eliza is a visual novel about an AI counseling program, the people who develop it, and the people who use it. Follow Evelyn Ishino-Aubrey as she reconnects with people from her past, gets to know the people of Seattle who use Eliza for counseling, and decides the course of her future.
9864 | An otome novel adventure that captures a slice of life and sweet romance of youths striving for their dreams without despairing over reality.
9865 | Willow Guard is a single player story-driven fantasy RPG that combines dungeon-crawling action gameplay with a choice-based interactive fiction.
9866 | Mind-altering sandbox game that can be described as a racing role-playing adventure game with a complicated storyline. You’ll find a unique atmosphere, complete freedom and lots of gameplay hours to figure out what’s the game is all about.
9867 | Zeno Clash is an action/fighting game set in a punk fantasy world. The game is played from a first person perspective and the combat is generally up close and brutal. Experience a deep storyline set in a fantastic world.
9868 | Your world...Your rules!
9869 | The Wild Eight is an intense survival action-adventure set in the frozen wilderness of Alaska. Team up with friends in online co-op or go solo, explore the mysterious land, craft weapons and fight to live another day.
9870 | The Pretty Girls are back and they're delicious! Check out an upgraded version of Zoo's top selling Mahjong Solitaire with 8 new girls and a candy flavored theme. Match tile pairs to reveal a Pretty Girl in a sexy outfit hiding underneath. As you clear stages, the girls get more and more delicious!
9871 | Featherfall is a soulslike RPG adventure about a bird leaving its nest.
9872 | Dungeon Antiqua is a simple RPG inspired by the Wizardry and Final Fantasy games of the 1980s and 1990s, in which players traverse dungeons by repeatedly exploring and developing their characters.
9873 | Spend a summer with an old high school classmate making games! Play and debug a 2D action RPG to make the best game ever.
9874 | The critically acclaimed adventure of Uru: Ages Beyond Myst returns with this special collection that contains more Uru than ever before. Already the deepest Myst adventure to date, Uru is significantly expanded with the addition of To D'ni™ and The Path of the Shell, expansion packs that will take Uru beyond your imagination.
9875 | A paranoid computer issued a lock down on a mad scientist's mansion after his experiments and security robots broke loose, and you are trapped inside! Overcome all the pitfalls of the mansion in this action puzzle game! Test your skills and wit in nearly 200 levels!
9876 | ThreatGEN: Red vs. Blue is an educational game-based cybersecurity simulator designed for those with genuine interest in cybersecurity. Learn and practice cybersecurity concepts & strategy, play as the red team (hackers) or the blue team (defenders), single player or online vs. a colleague.
9877 | Townsmen – A Kingdom Rebuilt hands the crown to you: Guide your people from their first steps in a small village to a massive medieval metropolis with thousands of inhabitants.
9878 | Dead Effect 2 is the newest addition to the acclaimed Dead Effect franchise. This action sci-fi shooter is looking to push the boundaries of first-person shooters to new levels with slick graphics, rich narrative and RPG elements.
9879 | Welcome to Laptop Tycoon!Compete with the tech giants! You will have the opportunity to show your skills in business management. Start your own laptop company! Choose and hire the best people for your company, buy and upgrade your own office and start building your dream laptop.
9880 | Welcome to a true 80's trash horror experience. This collection has 10 short horror games that you can freely choose which one you want to play.
9881 | Feel the excitement of the 90s with the isometric perspective, its huge number of vehicles and its brilliant soundtrack. More than 70 cars from six manufacturers from different countries to buy, an extensive campaign mode, dozens of circuits, rally stages, championships, and much more awaits you!
9882 | Behind every brilliant invention, hides a magical story. Guide a troop of tin soldiers through a magical toy-filled world, in this immersive narrative puzzle adventure game from members of the team that brought you Fable.
9883 | Super Alloy Ranger is a 2D side-scrolling action game. Play as Marksman Kelly or Combat Robot No.2 to challenge different levels within the dangerous Machine Empire and unlock new weapons. Use Kelly’s shooting and No.2’s deathblows to defeat abnormal Machine Bosses!
9884 | One day, professional thief Sylphy learns of the mystical and valuable artifact of the Kingdom of Diezel, but the mission goes sideways and she ends up robbing the island of its night! She has one week to right her wrongs in this action-filled RPG!
9885 | Gather your friends and come to Tinkertown - A refreshing new Multiplayer Sandbox Experience! Explore magical places filled with loot, danger, and creativity.
9886 | Feather is a multiplayer game about exploration, relaxation and immersion. Transform yourself into a bird, take flight, and enjoy a zen-like, picturesque landscape on your own terms. Swoop, glide, and backflip your way around mysterious locations to uncover hidden paths that only birds can follow!
9887 | Vlad Circus: Descend into Madness puts your sanity to the test, challenging you to escape a labyrinth of nightmares and torment. Test your mind against a slow burn of puzzles, light survival mechanics, and methodical action.
9888 | Discover exotic islands and explore ancient monuments - Climb into deep mines and uncover secret passages - Make the trip you always wanted and enjoy the tourist life - An action adventure as varied as real life - 240fps supported - Enjoy your vacation!
9889 | STRIDE is a high-octane parkour adventure in virtual reality. Fight for your life as you hurtle through the rooftops of a futuristic metropolis. Step into the shoes of a master freerunner as you vault, swing, and shoot your way through this action-packed adventure. Multiplayer now available!
9890 | Horse Club Adventures carries you off to the wonderful world that revolves around the Lakeside Riding Stable. Together with Hannah, Sarah, Lisa, Sofia and their horses, you experience lots of thrilling adventures!
9891 | THE IMPOSSIBLE is a minimal perspective illusion puzzle game. You control a small square in the IMPOSSIBLE world and remember: nothing is IMPOSSIBLE.
9892 | Bleed 2 is a relentless arcade action game featuring air-dodging, bullet-reflecting, and tons of bosses. Now with randomly-generated levels and daily challenges, too!
9893 | Explore the myths and monsters of Europe’s last primeval wilderness. Play as Maia, who arrives at the ancient Białowieża Forest looking to explore her family history. Discover Rage in an adventure game inspired by the experience of the legendary tabletop roleplaying game Werewolf: The Apocalypse.
9894 | There are two kinds of people: the rulers and the ruled. The Heights are a gorgeous utopia. The Depths, a filthy industrial wasteland. Our heroine, raised in the Heights, has nothing but contempt for those below.
9895 | Long ago, a war raged between two powerful deities. Each was sealed away, their weapons scattered throughout the world. Our hero in this RPG, Fang, happens upon one such weapon and now he alone must choose which deity will awaken again!
9896 | In Construction Simulator 2015, you take the controls of 16 realistic construction machines made by LIEBHERR, STILL and MAN with high-quality 3D graphics.
9897 | Racquetball meets Breakout inside a giant pinball machine! Racket: Nx is a new kind of game that challenges the limits of what you can do with a racket and ball in VR.
9898 | Build a unique team, where each character has a random weapon, race and class. Strong combinations of heroes, enhanced by the ballad creation system and jelly dwarfs, will capture your adventure in history!
9899 | Beasts of Maravilla Island is a 3D adventure game where you take on the role of a young wildlife photographer who traverses Maravilla Island's magical ecosystems to discover extraordinary creatures, learn their behaviors, and, most importantly, photograph their majesty.
9900 | In this future viking horror you awake in a sanctuary of steel and concrete, built to research and exploit the worlds of Yggdrasil, and to house an artifact, buried in the earth aeons ago.First person with a futuristic Norse mythology story. Horror adventure in the realms of Yggdrasil.
9901 | Dive into the captivating world of Paragon Pioneers 2, an engaging city-building idle game filled with extensive content promising months of immersive gameplay. Even with limited playtime, you can delve deep into this simulation, experimenting with various strategies to enhance your realm.
9902 | Invade your neighbors, conduct bombing campaigns, research and develop nuclear arsenals, and grapple for diplomatic power in Kiloton, a dark and abstract new RTS that puts you in the room where potentially world-ending decisions are made.
9903 | Explore your surroundings as the protagonist of your own horror story as you immerse yourself in this tense VR thriller set in America’s Deep South. Navigate your way through your memories, piecing together the clues and puzzles, to solve the mystery of how you have awoken in the sinister Greenwater Institute, known only as Patient No.
9904 | Red Riding Hood wanders out of the woods... and into an infinite number of alternate dimensions twisting the classic fairy tale in countless ways.
9905 | Westerado: Double Barreled. When your family is murdered by a mysterious desperado, you set out into the world to take revenge. Take control of your own fate and that of others, all using your trusty shooting iron.
9906 | Mail Mole is a charming 3D platformer featuring Molty, the fastest delivery mole, in his quest to save Carrotland from disaster! Explore magical worlds, make new friends, race against Mecha-Moles, find collectibles, solve puzzles and deliver awesomeness to the end of the world!
9907 | In Hourglass you can create a time-clone of yourself to solve challenging puzzles. You will play as Aywa, a young adventurer who is traveling to Egypt to find her missing father - an archeologist, who never returned from his latest expedition.
9908 | A butler-bullying Visual Novel for people who love butlers by people who love butlers!
9909 | You are the victim of a conspiracy! The FBI, CIA and a group of murderers are chasing you. XIII… This strange tattoo and the key of a safe are your only clues to survive and claim your innocence! It's time to gear up and eliminate your ennemies!
9910 | What happens after Happily Ever After…?
9911 | PlayForm is an experimental physics sandbox. Physically simulated humans run, jump, climb, push, pull and smash their way through diverse worlds. Have fun with various tools and obstacles to create thrilling situations and experience next-gen physics.
9912 | This is a historical simulation game that promotes the development of civilization based on the match-3 Game. You'll need to gather resources, use skills, discover new technology, and lead humanbeing through a 10,000-year journey to the cosmos.
9913 | This is a story about an ordinary family spending time at home during the rain.
9914 | X-Fitness is a fun and innovative way to enjoy an intensive VR full-body workout! Stand and fight off the pounds in the virtual arena. Punch, cut, block, and dodge your way to a slimmer you! Start burning those calories with handcrafted tracks or your own MP3 files.
